---
layout: blog
book: true
background: yellow
background-image: http://ot1cc1u9t.bkt.clouddn.com/17-7-15/48174506.jpg
title:  "MedQA"
category: text-only
---

## Medical Quiz

Please enter your unique ID and answer all questions below:

<form id="quizForm" action="https://getform.io/f/1569b998-160a-45dd-a9e1-a2babfbdecb5" method="POST">

  Unique ID:<br>
  <input type="text" name="unique_id" value="medqa_" style="background-color: #D3D3D3;" required><br><br>
<p><b>Instructions:</b> Given the medical questions below, return the medical difficulty/complexity of each question, please select among the following options:</p>
<ol><li><b>Low:</b> a PCP or general physician can answer this question without consulting a specialist.</li>
<li><b>Moderate:</b> a PCP or general physician can answer this question in consultation with a specialist, and a single specialist can answer this question.</li>
<li><b>High:</b> A team of multi-departmental specialists can answer this question, which requires specialists consulting to another department (Requires team effort to treat the case).</li></ol>
<p><b>Question 1</b>: A 47-year-old female undergoes a thyroidectomy for treatment of Graves' disease. Post-operatively, she reports a hoarse voice and difficulty speaking. You suspect that this is likely a complication of her recent surgery. What is the embryologic origin of the damaged nerve that is most likely causing this patient's hoarseness?</p>

(A) 1st pharyngeal arch<br>

(B) 2nd pharyngeal arch<br>

(C) 3rd pharyngeal arch<br>

(D) 4th pharyngeal arch<br>

(E) 6th pharyngeal arch<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low1" name="Q1_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low1">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate1" name="Q1_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate1">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high1" name="Q1_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high1">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 2</b>: A clinical researcher is interested in creating a new drug for HIV patients. Darunavir has been particularly efficacious in recent patients; however, some have experienced an increased incidence of hyperglycemia. A new drug called DN501 is developed with the same mechanism of action as darunavir but fewer side effects. Which of the following is the mechanism of action of DN501?</p>

(A) Prevents viral transcription<br>

(B) Inhibits viral assembly<br>

(C) Inhibits integration of viral genome into the host cell<br>

(D) Inhibits viral entry<br>

(E) Prevents T-cell binding<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low2" name="Q2_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low2">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate2" name="Q2_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate2">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high2" name="Q2_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high2">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 3</b>: A 14-year-old girl comes to the physician because she has not yet had her period. She is at the 10th percentile for height and 25th percentile for weight. Examination shows a broad chest with widely spaced nipples, a low posterior hairline, forearms angled 20° away from the body when fully extended, and shortened fourth metacarpals bilaterally. Sexual development is Tanner stage 1. Which of the following statements about this patient's fertility is most accurate?</p>

(A) Pregnancy success rate with donor oocytes is similar to patients with primary ovarian failure<br>

(B) Administration of gonadotropins will increase the chances of conceiving<br>

(C) Impaired tubal ciliary function will prevent natural fertilization<br>

(D) The majority of patients become pregnant without medical assistance<br>

(E) Functional gametes and the absence of a uterus make surrogacy necessary<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low3" name="Q3_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low3">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate3" name="Q3_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate3">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high3" name="Q3_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high3">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 4</b>: A 15-year-old girl comes to the physician because she has not had menstrual bleeding for the past 3 months. Menses had previously occurred at irregular 15–45 day intervals with moderate to heavy flow. Menarche was at the age of 14 years. She started having sexual intercourse with her boyfriend about 3 months ago. Six months ago she had a manic episode, which was treated with risperidone. Her mother has PCOS and her father has diabetes mellitus. She is very conscious of her weight and appearance. She is 171 cm (5 ft 6 in) tall and weighs 79 kg (174 lb); BMI is 27.02 kg/m2. Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 60/min, and blood pressure is 116/70 mm Hg. The abdomen is soft and nontender. Pelvic examination shows a normal vagina and cervix. Serum hormone studies show:
Prolactin 16 ng/mL
Thyroid-stimulating hormone 3.8 μU/mL
Follicle-stimulating hormone 6 mIU/mL
Luteinizing hormone 5.1 mIU/mL
Progesterone 0.8 ng/mL (follicular N <3; luteal N >3–5)
Testosterone 2.2 nmol/L (N <3.5)
A urine pregnancy test is negative. Which of the following is the most likely cause of her symptoms?"</p>

(A) Uterine fibroids<br>

(B) Congenital defect of the Mullerian ducts<br>

(C) Purging behavior<br>

(D) Polycystic ovaries<br>

(E) Anovulation<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low4" name="Q4_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low4">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate4" name="Q4_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate4">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high4" name="Q4_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high4">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 5</b>: A 77-year-old man comes to your office for a routine visit. He is doing well, and his only complaint is the recent appearance of several brown greasy appearing lesions on his forehead (figure A) that he can't seem to peel off. What is the most likely diagnosis?</p>

(A) Melanoma<br>

(B) Seborrheic keratosis<br>

(C) Keloid<br>

(D) Acanthosis nigricans<br>

(E) Erythema nodosum<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low5" name="Q5_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low5">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate5" name="Q5_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate5">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high5" name="Q5_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high5">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 6</b>: A 76-year-old woman visits a physician for a general medical examination. She is asymptomatic. Six months prior, she had a cerebral stroke with left hemiparesis, from which she has almost completely recovered with physiotherapy. She has a history of hypertension and atrial fibrillation (AF). She has no significant ischemic, valvular, or structural heart disease. She takes metoprolol, amlodipine, warfarin, and atorvastatin. Blood pressure is 125/70 mm Hg, pulse is 75/min with an irregular rhythm. Respirations are 13/min. She has a minor limp and weakness in her left arm and leg. Heart exam shows no abnormalities other than irregular beats. To assess adherence and therapeutic efficacy in this patient, which of the following studies should be ordered?</p>

(A) Echocardiogram<br>

(B) Electrocardiogram<br>

(C) International normalized ratio<br>

(D) Partial thromboplastin time<br>

(E) Serum drug levels<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low6" name="Q6_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low6">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate6" name="Q6_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate6">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high6" name="Q6_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high6">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 7</b>: A 26-year-old G1P0 woman presents to her primary care physician’s office with feelings of anxiety and trouble with sleep. She finds it difficult initiating sleep, occasionally has palpitations, and feels fatigued. She denies having similar symptoms in the past or starting any new medications or illicit drugs. She is currently 10 weeks pregnant and is closely followed by her obstetrician. Her temperature is 98.6°F (37°C), blood pressure is 125/70 mmHg, pulse is 105/min, and respirations are 18/min. On physical exam, the patient is mildly diaphoretic. The skin is warm and the thyroid gland is diffusely enlarged with thyroid bruits. Laboratory studies are significant for a thyroid-stimulating hormone level of 0.01 µU/mL (normal is 0.5-5.0 µU/mL) and an elevated free thyroxine (FT4) that is inappropriate for her pregnancy. Which of the following is the best treatment option for this patient?</p>

(A) Methimazole<br>

(B) Observation<br>

(C) Propylthiouracil<br>

(D) Radioiodine therapy<br>

(E) Thyroidectomy<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low7" name="Q7_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low7">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate7" name="Q7_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate7">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high7" name="Q7_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high7">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 8</b>: A 26-year-old female complains of frequent, large volume urination. This negatively affects her sleep, as she has to frequently wake up at night to urinate. She also complains of increased thirst. Her past medical history is significant for bipolar disorder that is treated with lithium for 3 years. Serum osmolality is 425 mOsm/kg, and urine osmolality is 176 mOsm/kg. Which of the following best explains this patient’s serum and urine osmolality?</p>

(A) Hypothalamic over-production of antidiuretic hormone (ADH)<br>

(B) Decreased production of ADH<br>

(C) ADH resistance in the renal collecting ducts<br>

(D) Increased sodium reabsorption and potassium excretion<br>

(E) Increased aquaporin expression in the renal collecting ducts<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low8" name="Q8_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low8">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate8" name="Q8_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate8">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high8" name="Q8_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high8">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 9</b>: A 14-year-old girl is brought to the physician by her father because of fever, chills, abdominal pain, and profuse non-bloody diarrhea. Her symptoms began one week ago, when she had several days of low-grade fever and constipation. She returned from Indonesia 2 weeks ago, where she spent the summer with her grandparents. Her temperature is 39.3°C (102.8°F). Examination shows diffuse abdominal tenderness and mild hepatosplenomegaly. There is a faint salmon-colored maculopapular rash on her trunk and abdomen. Which of the following is the most likely causal organism?</p>

(A) Giardia lamblia<br>

(B) Schistosoma mansoni<br>

(C) Campylobacter jejuni<br>

(D) Salmonella typhi<br>

(E) Clostridium perfringens<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low9" name="Q9_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low9">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate9" name="Q9_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate9">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high9" name="Q9_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high9">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 10</b>: A 30-year-old African American woman comes to the physician for the evaluation of a dry cough and chest discomfort for the past 3 days. During this period, the patient has had headaches, muscle aches, joint pain, fever, and chills. Ten days ago, she was hiking with her family in Mississippi. The patient has asthma that is treated with an albuterol inhaler. Her mother has a lung disease treated with methotrexate. The patient has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the past 10 years. Her temperature is 38°C (100.4°F). Physical examination shows slight wheezes throughout both lung fields. Laboratory studies and urinalysis are positive for polysaccharide antigen. Bronchoalveolar lavage using silver/PAS-staining shows macrophages filled with a dimorphic fungus with septate hyphae. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms?</p>

(A) Legionella pneumophila infection<br>

(B) Aspergillus fumigatus infection<br>

(C) Pneumocystis pneumonia<br>

(D) Histoplasma capsulatum infection<br>

(E) Blastomyces dermatitidis infection<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low10" name="Q10_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low10">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate10" name="Q10_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate10">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high10" name="Q10_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high10">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 11</b>: A 70-year-old woman with no significant medical history begins to experience memory loss and personality changes. Over the next few months, her symptoms become more severe, as she experiences rapid mental deterioration. She also starts to have sudden, jerking movements in response to being startled and gait disturbances. Eventually, she lapses into a coma and dies eight months after the onset of symptoms. What process likely caused this woman's illness?</p>

(A) Loss of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra pars compacta.<br>

(B) Autoimmune inflammation and demyelination of the central nervous system.<br>

(C) Autoimmune inflammation and demyelination of the peripheral nervous system.<br>

(D) Conversion of a protein from an a-helix to a ß-pleated form, which resists degradation.<br>

(E) Frontotemporal atrophy and the accumulation of intracellular, aggregated tau protein.<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low11" name="Q11_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low11">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate11" name="Q11_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate11">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high11" name="Q11_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high11">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 12</b>: A 27-year-old woman, gravida 2, para 1, at 40 weeks' gestation is admitted to the hospital in active labor. The patient reports severe pelvic pain. Pregnancy has been complicated by gestational diabetes. Pregnancy and delivery of her first child were uncomplicated. Current medications include insulin, folic acid, and a multivitamin. Vital signs are within normal limits. The cervix is 100% effaced and 10 cm dilated; the vertex is at -1 station. The fetal heart rate is reactive with no decelerations. Epidural anesthesia is performed and the patient's symptoms improve. Ten minutes later, the patient has dizziness. Her pulse is 68/min, respirations are 16/min, and blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg. Intravenous fluid resuscitation is begun. Which of the following is the most likely underlying cause of the patient's hypotension?</p>

(A) Decreased cardiac contractility<br>

(B) Sympathetic block<br>

(C) Hypovolemia<br>

(D) Acute pulmonary hypertension<br>

(E) Aortocaval compression<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low12" name="Q12_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low12">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate12" name="Q12_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate12">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high12" name="Q12_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high12">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 13</b>: A 75-year-old woman is brought by a patrolman to the emergency department because of altered mental status. She was found wandering next to the highway. The patient was unable to answer questions and collapsed in transit. Her vitals are: temperature, 33.0°C (91.4°F); pulse, 40/min; respirations,12/min; blood pressure, 80/50 mm Hg; and oxygen saturation, 85% on room air. Physical examination shows decorticate posturing, incomprehensible speech, eyes opening to pain, dry hair, coarse and waxy skin, and non-pitting edema around the face and all extremities. Electrocardiogram shows sinus bradycardia. Laboratory studies show:
Calcium 9.0 mg/dL
Hematocrit (female) 34%
Potassium 4.0 mEq/L
Sodium 120 mEq/L
TSH 110.0 µU/mL
Thyroxine (T4) 1.2 µg/dL
Triiodothyronine (T3) 70 ng/dL
Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient?</p>

(A) Myxedema coma<br>

(B) Pheochromocytoma crisis<br>

(C) Septic shock<br>

(D) Tertiary hyperparathyroidism<br>

(E) Thyroid storm<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low13" name="Q13_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low13">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate13" name="Q13_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate13">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high13" name="Q13_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high13">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 14</b>: A 35-year-old man visits your office for his annual health checkup. He was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder 6 months ago, which is being treated with citalopram. He comments that his symptoms have improved since initiating the prescribed therapy; however, in the past 2 months, he has been unable to have sexual intercourse due to weak tumescence and low libido. His blood pressure is 122/74 mm Hg, heart rate is 75/min, and respiratory rate is 16/min. Physical examination reveals regular heart and lung sounds. What is the appropriate step in the management of this patient?</p>

(A) Lowering citalopram dose<br>

(B) Addition of bupropion<br>

(C) Switch to fluoxetine<br>

(D) Addition of sildenafil<br>

(E) Switch to selegiline<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low14" name="Q14_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low14">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate14" name="Q14_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate14">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high14" name="Q14_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high14">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 15</b>: A 51-year-old man presents to his primary care provider complaining of malaise. He returned from a research trip to Madagascar 2 weeks ago and has since developed a worsening fever with a maximum temperature of 102.2°F (39°C). He also reports some swelling around his neck and groin. He works as a zoologist and was in rural Madagascar studying a rare species of lemur. His past medical history is notable for hypertension and gout. He takes lisinopril and allopurinol. His temperature is 101.9°F (38.3°C), blood pressure is 145/85 mmHg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 22/min. On exam, he has painful erythematous cervical, axillary, and inguinal lymphadenopathy. Black hemorrhagic eschars are noted on his fingertips bilaterally. The pathogen responsible for this patient’s condition produces a virulence factor that has which of the following functions?</p>

(A) Cleave immunoglobulin<br>

(B) Inhibit leukocyte migration<br>

(C) Inhibit phagocytosis<br>

(D) Inhibit ribosomal function<br>

(E) Trigger widespread inflammation<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low15" name="Q15_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low15">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate15" name="Q15_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate15">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high15" name="Q15_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high15">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 16</b>: A 40-year-old man presents to the clinic with complaints of increased bilateral pain in his knees. The pain developed over time and now limits his mobility. He states that the pain is worse at the end of the day, though he does have some early-morning stiffness lasting about 20 minutes. He used to have some success with over-the-counter NSAIDs; however, they no longer help. The patient also has been taking metformin for the past 2 years and is severely obese, with a BMI of 41 kg/m2. Additionally, he states that he has felt increasingly tired during the day, often dozes off during work, and no longer feels refreshed when he wakes up in the morning. Upon examination, there is no tenderness on palpation or erythema; however, some crepitus is felt. He has no other complaints but has a family history of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) on his mother’s side. Which of the following factors is the underlying cause of the patient’s pain, as well as the rest of his complaints?</p>

(A) Autoimmune disease<br>

(B) Medication side effect<br>

(C) Excess weight<br>

(D) Infection<br>

(E) Occult malignancy<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low16" name="Q16_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low16">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate16" name="Q16_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate16">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high16" name="Q16_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high16">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 17</b>: A 49-year-old woman comes to the physician for a scheduled colposcopy. Two weeks ago, she had a routine Pap smear that showed atypical squamous cells. Colposcopy shows an area of white discoloration of the cervix with application of acetic acid solution. Biopsy of this area shows carcinoma-in-situ. Activation of which of the following best explains the pathogenesis of this condition?</p>

(A) Phosphoprotein p24<br>

(B) JAK2 tyrosine kinase<br>

(C) E2F transcription factors<br>

(D) Phosphoprotein p53<br>

(E) Cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low17" name="Q17_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low17">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate17" name="Q17_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate17">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high17" name="Q17_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high17">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 18</b>: A 40-year-old patient is brought into the emergency department after suffering a motor vehicle crash where he was pinned underneath his motorcycle for about 30 minutes before a passerby called 911. While evaluating him per your institution's trauma guidelines, you discover pain upon palpation of his right lower extremity which is much larger than his left counterpart. The patient admits to decreased sensation over his right lower extremity and cannot move his leg. There are no palpable dorsalis pedis or posterior tibial pulses on this extremity, and it is colder and paler in comparison to his left side. Measured compartment pressure of his distal right leg is 35 mm Hg. What is the next best step in this patient's care?</p>

(A) Emergent fasciotomy<br>

(B) Venous doppler<br>

(C) Arteriogram<br>

(D) External fixation<br>

(E) Internal fixation<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low18" name="Q18_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low18">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate18" name="Q18_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate18">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high18" name="Q18_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high18">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 19</b>: A 39-year-old man presents to his primary care physician because he has been having severe headaches and fever for the last 2 days. He also says his right eyelid has been painlessly swelling and is starting to block his vision from that eye. He recently returned from a tour of the world where he visited Thailand, Ethiopia, and Brazil. Otherwise his past medical history is unremarkable. On presentation, his temperature is 102°F (38.8°C), blood pressure is 126/81 mmHg, pulse is 125/min, and respirations are 13/min. Physical exam reveals a nontender swelling of the right eyelid, lymphadenopathy, and an indurated red patch with surrounding erythema and local swelling on his left leg. Which of the following drugs should be used to treat this patient's condition?</p>

(A) Benznidazole<br>

(B) Diethylcarbamazine<br>

(C) Ivermectin<br>

(D) Mebendazol<br>

(E) Sodium stibogluconate<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low19" name="Q19_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low19">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate19" name="Q19_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate19">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high19" name="Q19_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high19">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 20</b>: An 80-year-old man is brought to the emergency department because of fatigue and lightheadedness. He does not have chest pain, palpitations, or difficulty breathing. He has a history of hyperlipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, osteoarthritis, and asthma. Current medications include simvastatin, metformin, lisinopril, albuterol, and ibuprofen. His pulse is 48/min and blood pressure is 89/50 mm Hg. He responds slowly to questions but is oriented to person, place, and time. Examination shows dry mucous membranes. His lungs are clear to auscultation and bowel sounds are positive with no pulsatile masses or bruits. Pedal pulses are nonpalpable, distal extremities are cold, and capillary refill time is 4 seconds. An ECG shows left axis deviation, a Q wave in lead III, a constant PR interval of 0.15 seconds with every third P wave that is nonconducted, and a QRS interval of .09 seconds. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?</p>

(A) Dopamine<br>

(B) Dobutamine<br>

(C) Norepinephrine<br>

(D) Cardiac pacing<br>

(E) Epinephrine<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low20" name="Q20_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low20">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate20" name="Q20_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate20">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high20" name="Q20_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high20">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 21</b>: A 45-year-old man presents to the emergency department with weakness. He states that it started yesterday and has been progressively worsening. Initially, he noticed blurry vision and some trouble speaking and swallowing but thought he was just coming down with a cold. He then noticed weakness of his facial muscles and shortness of breath. The patient works as a farmer and harvests and cans his own foods. He has had diarrhea recently and a cough prior to these symptoms of weakness. His temperature is 97.9°F (36.6°C), blood pressure is 144/94 mmHg, pulse is 87/min, respirations are 18/min, and oxygen saturation is 94% on room air. Physical exam is notable for a man who seems unable to smile with dysarthric speech. He takes shallow and weak breaths on pulmonary exam. The patient demonstrates 3/5 strength with diminished reflexes in his upper extremities. The patient is subsequently intubated. Which of the following is the best treatment for this patient?</p>

(A) Antitoxin<br>

(B) Atropine<br>

(C) Neostigmine<br>

(D) Plasmapheresis<br>

(E) Riluzole<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low21" name="Q21_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low21">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate21" name="Q21_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate21">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high21" name="Q21_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high21">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 22</b>: A 64-year-old man with multiple sclerosis comes to the physician because of a 4-month history of urinary incontinence. The urge to urinate occurs suddenly, and he often is unable to make it to the bathroom before leaking urine. He has no incontinence with coughing or laughing. Digital rectal examination shows no abnormalities. Ultrasonography shows a normal post-void residual volume. Which of the following is the most appropriate pharmacotherapy for this patient's incontinence?</p>

(A) Doxazosin<br>

(B) Midodrine<br>

(C) Rivastigmine<br>

(D) Mirtazapine<br>

(E) Tolterodine<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low22" name="Q22_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low22">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate22" name="Q22_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate22">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high22" name="Q22_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high22">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 23</b>: A 75-year-old man presents to his physician with a 1-year history of dysphagia for solids. His more recent complaints include dysphagia for liquids as well. The patient states that he has no difficulty initiating swallowing but occasionally food is stuck in his throat. He does not complain of pain while swallowing but has noticed minor unintentional weight loss. The patient has no history of speech-related pain or nasal regurgitation. His family history is unremarkable. During the examination, the patient appears ill, malnourished, and slightly pale. He is not jaundiced nor cyanotic. Physical examination is unremarkable. A swallowing study reveals a small outpouching in the posterior neck (see image). Which nerve is most likely involved in this patient’s symptoms?</p>

(A) CN X<br>

(B) CN VII<br>

(C) CN IX<br>

(D) CN V<br>

(E) CN XII<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low23" name="Q23_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low23">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate23" name="Q23_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate23">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high23" name="Q23_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high23">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 24</b>: A 45-year-old mechanic presents to the emergency department complaining of acute-onset shortness of breath while repairing a plowing tractor for his neighbor. The patient denies having any history of asthma or respiratory symptoms, and does not smoke. His temperature is 99.8°F (37.7°C), pulse is 65/min, blood pressure is 126/86 mmHg, and respirations are 20/min. His oxygen saturation is 97%. On exam, he is pale and diaphoretic. His pupils are contracted. Diffuse wheezes are noted in all lung fields. What is the best treatment for his condition?</p>

(A) Intubation<br>

(B) Succinylcholine<br>

(C) Inhaled ipratropium and oxygen<br>

(D) Atropine and pralidoxime<br>

(E) Inhaled albuterol and oxygen<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low24" name="Q24_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low24">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate24" name="Q24_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate24">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high24" name="Q24_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high24">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 25</b>: A 23-year-old primigravida presents for a regular prenatal care visit at 16 weeks gestation. She complains of increased fatigability, but is otherwise well. She takes folic acid, iron, and vitamin D supplementation. Her vital signs are as follows: blood pressure, 110/70 mm Hg; heart rate, 86/min; respiratory rate, 13/min; and temperature, 36.6℃ (97.9℉). The physical examination is unremarkable. The complete blood count results are as below:
Erythrocyte count 3.9 million/mm3
Hb 11.1 g/dL
HCT 32%
Reticulocyte count 0.2%
MCV 90 fL
Platelet count 210,000/mm3
Leukocyte count 8,100/mm3
Which of the following tests is required to investigate the cause of the patient’s laboratory findings?</p>

(A) Serum iron level<br>

(B) Serum B12 level<br>

(C) Transferrin<br>

(D) No tests required<br>

(E) Total bilirubin<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low25" name="Q25_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low25">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate25" name="Q25_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate25">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high25" name="Q25_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high25">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 26</b>: A 32-year-old male presents to the emergency department because of fever and diarrhea. He was in his normal state of health until 2 weeks ago when he went abroad on a vacation. During his trip he went kayaking, visited spas, interacted with local animals, and ate local foods. Since returning he has had 3-day history of fever, cough, headache, and diarrhea. He drinks socially and has a 15-pack-year history of smoking. On presentation his temperature is 102.3°F (39.1°C), blood pressure is 105/62 mmHg, pulse is 91/min, respirations are 18/min, and O2 saturation is 91% on room air. Chest exam reveals fine crackles on auscultation. Chest radiograph reveals patchy infiltrates in both lungs and labs reveal mild hyponatremia and mild elevation of AST/ALT levels. The organism that is most likely responsible for this patient's symptoms is associated with which of the following characteristics?</p>

(A) Can form an endospore<br>

(B) Has a rabbit reservoir<br>

(C) Has no cell wall<br>

(D) Is more common in parrot owners<br>

(E) Is transmitted by air conditioning<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low26" name="Q26_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low26">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate26" name="Q26_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate26">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high26" name="Q26_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high26">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 27</b>: A 42-year-old man comes to the physician after elevated liver function tests were found after a routine screening. He has had occasional headaches over the past year, but otherwise feels well. The patient reports that he was involved in a severe car accident 30 years ago. He does not smoke or drink alcohol. He has never used illicit intravenous drugs. He takes no medications and has no known allergies. His father had a history of alcoholism and died of liver cancer. The patient appears thin. His temperature is 37.8°C (100°F), pulse is 100/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg. Physical examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 14 g/dL
Leukocyte count 10,000/mm3
Platelet count 146,000/mm3
Serum
Glucose 150 mg/dL
Albumin 3.2 g/dL
Total bilirubin 1.5 mg/dL
Alkaline phosphatase 75 U/L
AST 95 U/L
ALT 73 U/L
HIV negative
Hepatitis B surface antigen negative
Hepatitis C antibody positive
HCV RNA positive
HCV genotype 1
A liver biopsy is performed and shows mononuclear infiltrates that are limited to portal tracts and periportal hepatocyte necrosis. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"</p>

(A) Sofosbuvir and ledipasvir therapy<br>

(B) Tenofovir and velpatasvir therapy<br>

(C) Interferon and ribavirin therapy<br>

(D) Tenofovir and entecavir therapy<br>

(E) Schedule a follow-up in 6 months<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low27" name="Q27_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low27">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate27" name="Q27_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate27">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high27" name="Q27_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high27">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 28</b>: An 8-year-old boy is brought to the physician by his parents for short stature. Neither his clothing nor his shoe size have changed over the past year. He also frequently bumps into obstacles such as furniture and has headaches at night. He is always thirsty for cold water and has been urinating more frequently. Three years ago, he had an asthma attack that was treated with albuterol and a one-week course of steroids. His mother has Hashimoto's thyroiditis and had precocious puberty. His mother's height is 147 cm (4 ft 10 in) and his father's height is 160 cm (5 ft 3 in). He is at the 5th percentile for height and 5th percentile for weight. His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 98/min, respirations are 16/min, and blood pressure is 100/64 mm Hg. Examination shows a soft and nontender abdomen. The genitals and pubic hair are both Tanner stage 1. Axillary hair is absent. Patellar reflexes are 1+ bilaterally. Laboratory studies show:
Na+ 145 mEq/L
K+ 4.1 mEq/L
Cl- 102 mEq/L
HCO3- 25 mEq/L
Ca2+ 9.4 mg/dL
Glucose 110 mg/dL
Thyroid-stimulating hormone 0.3 μU/mL
Thyroxine 3.9 μg/dL
Insulin-like growth factor 1 24 ng/mL (N=61–356 ng/mL)
Insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 2.1 mcg/mL (N=1.6–6.5 μg/mL)
Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?"</p>

(A) Rathke cleft cyst<br>

(B) Autoimmune polyendocrine syndrome<br>

(C) Craniopharyngioma<br>

(D) Multiple endocrine neoplasia<br>

(E) Pituitary adenoma<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low28" name="Q28_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low28">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate28" name="Q28_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate28">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high28" name="Q28_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high28">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 29</b>: A 24-year-old man is brought in to the emergency department by his parents who found him in his room barely responsive and with slurring speech. The patients’ parents say that a bottle of oxycodone was found at his bedside and was missing 15 pills. On physical examination, the patient appears drowsy and lethargic and is minimally responsive to stimuli. His respiratory rate is 8/min and shallow, blood pressure is 130/90 mm Hg, and pulse is 60/min. On physical examination, miosis is present, and the pupils appear pinpoint. The patient is given a drug to improve his symptoms. Which of the following is the mechanism of action of the drug that was most likely administered?</p>

(A) μ, κ, and ẟ receptor antagonist<br>

(B) μ receptor agonist<br>

(C) к receptor agonist and μ receptor antagonist<br>

(D) μ, к, and ẟ receptor agonist<br>

(E) μ receptor partial agonist and к receptor agonist<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low29" name="Q29_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low29">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate29" name="Q29_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate29">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high29" name="Q29_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high29">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 30</b>: A 52-year-old woman presents with a complaint of headache for the past 10 days. Her headache is diffuse, dull in character, moderate in intensity, and is worse in the morning. It is not associated with fever and sensitivity to light or sound. She experiences occasional nausea but no vomiting. She did not have similar headaches in the past. Her blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg; pulse, 60/min, and body mass index is 33.5 kg/m2. The neurological examination reveals normal extraocular movements. Mild bilateral papilledema is present. A magnetic resonance imaging of the brain reveals a solitary lesion in the left temporal region with predominant hemorrhage. Refer to the image below of the MRI of the brain. Which of the following types of cancer has the highest tendency to cause this brain lesion?</p>

(A) Breast cancer<br>

(B) Lung cancer<br>

(C) Melanoma<br>

(D) Multiple myeloma<br>

(E) Thyroid cancer<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low30" name="Q30_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low30">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate30" name="Q30_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate30">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high30" name="Q30_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high30">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 31</b>: A 29-year-old woman presents to her primary care doctor with a lesion on her left labia. She first noticed the lesion 3 days ago. The patient describes the lesion as painful and swollen. She denies vaginal discharge. Her past medical history is notable for mild intermittent asthma, gout, and obesity. She uses an albuterol inhaler as needed and takes allopurinol. She has had 5 sexual partners in the past year and uses the pull-out method for contraception. She has a 10-pack-year smoking history and drinks 10-12 alcoholic beverages per week. On exam, she has an ulcerated, tender, and purulent ulcer on the left labia majora. The patient has mild unilateral painful inguinal lymphadenopathy. This patient's condition is most likely caused by which of the following pathogens?</p>

(A) Klebsiella granulomatis<br>

(B) Herpes simplex virus type 2<br>

(C) Haemophilus ducreyi<br>

(D) Gardnerella vaginalis<br>

(E) Treponema pallidum<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low31" name="Q31_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low31">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate31" name="Q31_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate31">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high31" name="Q31_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high31">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 32</b>: The parents of a 14-year-old patient are concerned and have questions about the use of insulin for their son’s recently diagnosed type 1 diabetes. The patient has developed an upper respiratory infection while at school. He is coughing and has a runny nose. His temperature is 37.8° C (100.2° F) and vital signs are within normal limits. Physical examination is unremarkable. Which of the following modifications to his insulin regimen would you recommend to this patient and his parents?</p>

(A) Increase the frequency of blood glucose checks.<br>

(B) Reduce the insulin dose.<br>

(C) Continue same regimen.<br>

(D) Hold insulin until the patient gets better.<br>

(E) Increase the insulin dose to double.<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low32" name="Q32_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low32">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate32" name="Q32_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate32">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high32" name="Q32_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high32">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 33</b>: A 35-year-old woman comes to the physician for genetic counseling prior to conception. Her younger brother has mild developmental delay, pale complexion, and has to limit his dietary intake of phenylalanine. She has no similar symptoms and is in good health. Her parents are healthy. Which of the following is the most appropriate assessment of her carrier status for the disease affecting her brother?</p>

(A) 67%<br>

(B) 33%<br>

(C) 100%<br>

(D) 75%<br>

(E) 50%<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low33" name="Q33_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low33">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate33" name="Q33_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate33">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high33" name="Q33_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high33">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 34</b>: A 73-year-old woman is brought to the physician by her daughter for evaluation of impaired memory and word-finding difficulties for 2 years. She was recently asked to step down from her position as volunteer accountant for a local charity organization because she was no longer able to coordinate her tasks. She reports that she has become unable to taste or smell her food. Two years later, the patient dies. At autopsy, examination of the brain shows generalized cortical atrophy. A photomicrograph of a section of the brain is shown. The inclusions indicated by the arrows are predominantly composed of which of the following substances?</p>

(A) Alpha-synuclein<br>

(B) Viral ribonuclear proteins<br>

(C) Amyloid-β<br>

(D) Hyperphosphorylated tau<br>

(E) Prion protein<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low34" name="Q34_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low34">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate34" name="Q34_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate34">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high34" name="Q34_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high34">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 35</b>: Two weeks after undergoing an emergency cardiac catherization with stenting for unstable angina pectoris, a 61-year-old man has decreased urinary output and malaise. He has type 2 diabetes mellitus and osteoarthritis of the hips. Prior to admission, his medications were insulin and naproxen. He was also started on aspirin, clopidogrel, and metoprolol after the coronary intervention. His temperature is 38°C (100.4°F), pulse is 93/min, and blood pressure is 125/85 mm Hg. Examination shows mottled, reticulated purplish discoloration of the feet. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin count 14 g/dL
Leukocyte count 16,400/mm3
Segmented neutrophils 56%
Eosinophils 11%
Lymphocytes 31%
Monocytes 2%
Platelet count 260,000/mm3
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate 68 mm/h
Serum
Urea nitrogen 25 mg/dL
Creatinine 4.2 mg/dL
Renal biopsy shows intravascular spindle-shaped vacuoles. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms?"</p>

(A) Renal papillary necrosis<br>

(B) Allergic interstitial nephritis<br>

(C) Cholesterol embolization<br>

(D) Eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis<br>

(E) Polyarteritis nodosa<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low35" name="Q35_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low35">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate35" name="Q35_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate35">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high35" name="Q35_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high35">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 36</b>: A 62-year-old Caucasian male presents to the emergency room with severe substernal chest pain, diaphoresis, and nausea. Imaging reveals transmural myocardial infarction in the posterior 1/3 of the ventricular septum. Which of this patient's coronary arteries is most likely occluded?</p>

(A) Left circumflex<br>

(B) Left anterior descending<br>

(C) Diagonal perforators<br>

(D) Septal perforators<br>

(E) Right main<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low36" name="Q36_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low36">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate36" name="Q36_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate36">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high36" name="Q36_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high36">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 37</b>: A 36-year-old nursing home worker presents to the clinic with the complaints of breathlessness, cough, and night sweats for the past 2 months. She further expresses her concerns about the possibility of contracting tuberculosis as one of the patients under her care is being treated for tuberculosis. A PPD skin test is done and reads 11 mm on day 3. Chest X-ray demonstrates a cavitary lesion in the right upper lobe. The standard anti-tuberculosis medication regimen is started. At a follow-up appointment 3 months later the patient presents with fatigue. She has also been experiencing occasional dizziness, weakness, and numbness in her feet. Physical exam is positive for conjunctival pallor. Lab work is significant for a hemoglobin level of 10 g/dL and mean corpuscular volume of 68 fl. What is the most likely cause of her current symptoms?</p>

(A) Decreased methionine synthesis<br>

(B) Inhibition of ferrochelatase<br>

(C) Increased homocysteine degradation<br>

(D) Increased GABA production<br>

(E) Decreased ALA synthesis<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low37" name="Q37_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low37">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate37" name="Q37_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate37">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high37" name="Q37_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high37">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 38</b>: The first 24 hours after delivery, a 2888 g (6.37 lb) male newborn is not feeding well, has a high-pitched cry, and is diaphoretic. He was born at 38 weeks' gestation to a 30-year-old woman, gravida 2, para 1, after an uncomplicated labor and delivery. Apgar scores were 8 and 9 at 1 and 5 minutes, respectively. The mother did not receive prenatal care. She takes codeine syrup frequently for dry cough. The infant's temperature is 37.8°C (100°F), pulse is 165/min, and blood pressure is 83/50 mm Hg. Examination shows hyperreflexia, tremors, and an excessive startle response. The baby is swaddled to prevent excoriations, and fluid resuscitation is initiated. Complete blood count and serum levels of glucose, bilirubin, and calcium are within normal limits. What is the most appropriate next step in treatment of this newborn?</p>

(A) Oral morphine therapy<br>

(B) Oral clonidine therapy<br>

(C) Intravenous ampicillin and gentamicin combination therapy<br>

(D) Oral methimazole therapy<br>

(E) Dextrose infusion<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low38" name="Q38_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low38">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate38" name="Q38_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate38">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high38" name="Q38_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high38">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 39</b>: A 66-year-old male with a history of myocardial infarction presents to your primary care office with complaints of dyspnea on exertion and swollen feet and ankles. On exam, you note an elevated JVP and 2+ pitting edema of bilateral lower extremities. What is the most likely explanation for this patient's lower extremity edema?</p>

(A) Increase in capillary pressure<br>

(B) Decrease in plasma proteins<br>

(C) Increase in capillary permeability<br>

(D) Increase in colloid osmotic pressure<br>

(E) Increase in interstitial fluid pressure<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low39" name="Q39_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low39">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate39" name="Q39_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate39">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high39" name="Q39_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high39">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 40</b>: A 25-year-old female presents to urgent care with complaints of one day of burning and pain with urination, urgency, and frequency. She denies having a fever but has experienced intermittent chills. She is sexually active and inconsistently uses condoms. The patient has no past medical history. She is allergic to sulfa drugs. Physical examination of the genitalia is normal. Urinalysis shows positive leukocyte esterase and nitrites. The urine culture demonstrates gram-negative rods that form pink colonies on MacConkey agar. She is treated with an antibiotic and her symptoms quickly improve. The mechanism of the antibiotic she was most likely treated with is which of the following?</p>

(A) Inhibits cell wall synthesis<br>

(B) Binds D-ala D-ala in the cell wall<br>

(C) Inhibits initiation complex<br>

(D) Prevents attachment of aminoacyl-tRNA<br>

(E) Inhibits sterol synthesis<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low40" name="Q40_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low40">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate40" name="Q40_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate40">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high40" name="Q40_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high40">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 41</b>: A 13-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department because of pain in his right knee for the past week. The pain is exacerbated by jogging and climbing up stairs. He has no history of trauma to the knee. He is otherwise healthy. He is an active member of his school's gymnastics team. His vital signs are within normal limits. Examination of the right knee shows a tender swelling at the proximal tibia; range of motion is full. Knee extension against resistance causes pain in the anterior proximal tibia. The remainder of the examinations shows no abnormalities. X-ray of the right knee shows anterior tibial soft tissue swelling with fragmentation of the tibial tuberosity. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step?</p>

(A) Administration of oral ketorolac<br>

(B) Perform joint aspiration<br>

(C) Open reduction of the tuberosity<br>

(D) Administration of oral methotrexate<br>

(E) Application of a lower leg cast
"<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low41" name="Q41_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low41">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate41" name="Q41_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate41">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high41" name="Q41_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high41">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 42</b>: A 26-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department 20 minutes after being involved in a high-speed motor vehicle collision in which she was a restrained passenger. On arrival, she is lethargic and incoherent. She has severe facial lacerations and is in respiratory distress. Her pulse is 130/min, respirations are 29/min, and blood pressure is 90/58 mm Hg. Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 70%. Examination shows multiple facial lacerations. There is dullness to percussion and decreased breath sounds over the left lung base. Abdominal examination shows diffuse tenderness with no guarding or rebound. Bowel sounds are normal. The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities. Her hemoglobin concentration is 12.1 g/dL. An x-ray of the chest shows a fractured left second rib, depression of the left mainstem bronchus, deviation of the nasogastric tube to the right, and a widened mediastinum. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?</p>

(A) Diaphragmatic rupture<br>

(B) Traumatic bronchial rupture<br>

(C) Thoracic aortic rupture<br>

(D) Cardiac tamponade<br>

(E) Tension pneumothorax<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low42" name="Q42_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low42">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate42" name="Q42_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate42">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high42" name="Q42_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high42">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 43</b>: A 44-year-old man comes to the clinic because of a 6-month history of progressive fatigue. He has a history of intravenous heroin use. Physical examination shows scleral icterus. A serum study is positive for hepatitis C RNA. Therapy with interferon-α is initiated in combination with a second drug. The expected beneficial effect of the additional drug is most likely due to inhibition of which of the following enzymes?</p>

(A) DNA integrase<br>

(B) Inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase<br>

(C) DNA-dependent RNA polymerase<br>

(D) DNA gyrase<br>

(E) Dihydroorotate dehydrogenase<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low43" name="Q43_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low43">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate43" name="Q43_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate43">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high43" name="Q43_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high43">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 44</b>: A 22-year-old primigravida presents for a regular prenatal visit at 16 weeks gestation. She is concerned about the results of a dipstick test she performed at home, which showed 1+ glucose. She does not know  if her liquid consumption has increased, but she urinates more frequently than before. The course of her pregnancy has been unremarkable and she has no significant co-morbidities. The BMI is 25.6 kg/cm2 and she has gained 3 kg (6.72 lb) during the pregnancy. The blood pressure is 110/80 mm Hg, the heart rate is 82/min, the respiratory rate is 14/min, and the temperature is 36.6℃ (97.9℉). The lungs are clear to auscultation, the heart sounds are normal with no murmurs, and there is no abdominal or costovertebral angle tenderness. The laboratory tests show the following results:
Fasting glucose 97 mg/L
ALT 12 IU/L
AST 14 IU/L
Total bilirubin 0.8 mg/dL(15 µmol/L)
Plasma creatinine 0.7 mg/dL (61.9 µmol/L)
Which of the following tests are indicated to determine the cause of the abnormal dipstick test results?</p>

(A) HbA1c measurement<br>

(B) No tests required<br>

(C) Urinalysis<br>

(D) Oral glucose tolerance test<br>

(E) Random plasma glucose<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low44" name="Q44_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low44">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate44" name="Q44_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate44">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high44" name="Q44_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high44">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 45</b>: A 16-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department by ambulance from a soccer game. During the game, he was about to kick the ball when another player collided with his leg from the front. He was unable to stand up after this collision and reported severe knee pain. On presentation, he was found to have a mild knee effusion. Physical exam showed that his knee could be pushed posteriorly at 90 degrees of flexion but it could not be pulled anteriorly in the same position. The anatomic structure that was most likely injured in this patient has which of the following characteristics?</p>

(A) Runs anteriorly from the lateral femoral condyle<br>

(B) Runs anteriorly from the medial femoral condyle<br>

(C) Runs medially from the lateral femoral condyle<br>

(D) Runs posteriorly from the lateral femoral condyle<br>

(E) Runs posteriorly from the medial femoral condyle<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low45" name="Q45_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low45">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate45" name="Q45_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate45">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high45" name="Q45_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high45">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 46</b>: A 67-year-old man with chronic kidney disease comes to the physician because of worsening fatigue and shortness of breath on exertion for 6 months. He has a 20-year history of poorly-controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus. Current medications include metformin and insulin. His pulse is 105/min. Examination shows conjunctival pallor and bounding pulses. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 8.6 g/dL
Mean corpuscular volume 90 μm3
Reticulocyte count 0.5%
Serum
Ferritin 325 ng/mL
Urea nitrogen 45 mg/dL
Creatinine 2.2 mg/dL
The patient is prescribed a drug to treat the cause of his current symptoms. The drug's mechanism of action directly involves which of the following signaling pathways?"</p>

(A) PI3K/Akt/mTOR<br>

(B) cAMP<br>

(C) MAP kinase<br>

(D) JAK/STAT<br>

(E) IP3<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low46" name="Q46_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low46">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate46" name="Q46_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate46">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high46" name="Q46_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high46">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 47</b>: A 26-year-old nurse comes to the physician because of a 2-month history of fatigue. She has had a lot of stress at work and has been on sick leave for 2 weeks, but states that she would like to return to work. She has had several episodes of lower abdominal pain. She says, ""I know I have cancer."" She requests a diagnostic laparoscopy. She was diagnosed with peptic ulcer disease 6 months ago. Her only medication is omeprazole. The patient appears pale. Her temperature is 36.5° C (97.7° F), pulse is 120/min, and blood pressure is 90/65 mm Hg. On mental status examination she is tired and has a depressed mood. Physical examination shows pale conjunctivae and dry mucous membranes. There are numerous crusts along the course of her left arm veins. A grade 2/6 systolic ejection murmur is heard along the right-upper sternal border. Abdominal examination shows no abnormalities. There is generalized weakness of the proximal muscles. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 7.5 g/dL
Mean corpuscular volume 89 μm3
Reticulocyte count 13.3%
Serum
Sodium 139 mEq/L
Potassium 3.9 mEq/L
Calcium 8.5 mg/dL
Test of the stool for occult blood is negative. Abdominal ultrasonography show no abnormalities. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?"</p>

(A) Factitious disorder<br>

(B) Somatic symptom disorder<br>

(C) Conversion disorder<br>

(D) Primary hyperparathyroidism<br>

(E) Acute small bowel hemorrhage<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low47" name="Q47_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low47">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate47" name="Q47_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate47">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high47" name="Q47_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high47">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 48</b>: A 36-year-old woman, gravida 2, para 2, comes to the emergency department because of sudden-onset, severe right flank pain. She was in her aerobics class when the pain started but denies any trauma to the region. She has a history of recurrent ovarian cysts. Menses occur regularly at 28-day intervals. Her temperature is 37.1°C (99.3°F). Abdominal examination shows tenderness in the right lower quadrant with guarding. Pelvic ultrasound shows a large simple cyst on the right ovary. Right ovarian artery flow is detectable on Doppler, but there is no flow detected in the right ovarian vein. Which of the following ligaments is most likely to have been involved?</p>

(A) Broad ligament<br>

(B) Round ligament of the uterus<br>

(C) Ovarian ligament<br>

(D) Cardinal ligament<br>

(E) Infundibulopelvic ligament<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low48" name="Q48_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low48">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate48" name="Q48_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate48">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high48" name="Q48_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high48">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 49</b>: A 3-year-old refugee with increasing pitting edema and abdominal swelling over the past 2 months is brought to the physician. Her family has been displaced several times over the last few years. Nutrition and housing were frequently inadequate. At the physician’s clinic, the boy appears irritated and drowsy. He is difficult to arouse. Physical examination shows pitting edema over the ankles and feet and around his eyes. Abdominal examination is positive for ascites and hepatomegaly. Oral examination shows several missing teeth. Which of the following best explains these findings?</p>

(A) Kwashiorkor<br>

(B) Marasmus<br>

(C) Beriberi<br>

(D) Rickets<br>

(E) Scurvy<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low49" name="Q49_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low49">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate49" name="Q49_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate49">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high49" name="Q49_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high49">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 50</b>: A 24-year-old married woman presents to the emergency department with severe abdominal pain since last night. She also complains of scant vaginal bleeding. She says she visited a physician last year who said she had a pelvic infection, but she was never treated because of insurance issues. She also says her period has been delayed this month. She is afebrile. The pulse is 124/min and the blood pressure is 100/70 mm Hg. On examination, her abdomen is distended and tender. A pregnancy test was positive. A complication of infection with which of the following organisms most likely led to this patient’s condition?</p>

(A) Candida albicans<br>

(B) Neisseria gonorrhoeae<br>

(C) Chlamydia trachomatis<br>

(D) Mycoplasma genitalium<br>

(E) Haemophilus influenzae<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low50" name="Q50_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low50">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate50" name="Q50_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate50">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high50" name="Q50_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high50">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 51</b>: A 23-year-old pregnant woman at 22 weeks gestation presents with burning upon urination. She states it started 1 day ago and has been worsening despite drinking more water and taking cranberry extract. She otherwise feels well and is followed by a doctor for her pregnancy. Her temperature is 97.7°F (36.5°C), blood pressure is 122/77 mmHg, pulse is 80/min, respirations are 19/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air. Physical exam is notable for an absence of costovertebral angle tenderness and a gravid uterus. Which of the following is the best treatment for this patient?</p>

(A) Ampicillin<br>

(B) Ceftriaxone<br>

(C) Doxycycline<br>

(D) Nitrofurantoin<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low51" name="Q51_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low51">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate51" name="Q51_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate51">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high51" name="Q51_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high51">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 52</b>: A 3-month-old baby died suddenly at night while asleep. His mother noticed that he had died only after she awoke in the morning. No cause of death was determined based on the autopsy. Which of the following precautions could have prevented the death of the baby?</p>

(A) Placing the infant in a supine position on a firm mattress while sleeping<br>

(B) Keeping the infant covered and maintaining a high room temperature<br>

(C) Application of a device to maintain the sleeping position<br>

(D) Avoiding pacifier use during sleep<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low52" name="Q52_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low52">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate52" name="Q52_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate52">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high52" name="Q52_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high52">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 53</b>: A mother brings her 3-week-old infant to the pediatrician's office because she is concerned about his feeding habits. He was born without complications and has not had any medical problems up until this time. However, for the past 4 days, he has been fussy, is regurgitating all of his feeds, and his vomit is yellow in color. On physical exam, the child's abdomen is minimally distended but no other abnormalities are appreciated. Which of the following embryologic errors could account for this presentation?</p>

(A) Abnormal migration of ventral pancreatic bud<br>

(B) Complete failure of proximal duodenum to recanalize<br>

(C) Abnormal hypertrophy of the pylorus<br>

(D) Failure of lateral body folds to move ventrally and fuse in the midline<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low53" name="Q53_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low53">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate53" name="Q53_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate53">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high53" name="Q53_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high53">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 54</b>: A pulmonary autopsy specimen from a 58-year-old woman who died of acute hypoxic respiratory failure was examined. She had recently undergone surgery for a fractured femur 3 months ago. Initial hospital course was uncomplicated, and she was discharged to a rehab facility in good health. Shortly after discharge home from rehab, she developed sudden shortness of breath and had cardiac arrest. Resuscitation was unsuccessful. On histological examination of lung tissue, fibrous connective tissue around the lumen of the pulmonary artery is observed. Which of the following is the most likely pathogenesis for the present findings?</p>

(A) Thromboembolism<br>

(B) Pulmonary ischemia<br>

(C) Pulmonary hypertension<br>

(D) Pulmonary passive congestion<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low54" name="Q54_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low54">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate54" name="Q54_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate54">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high54" name="Q54_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high54">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 55</b>: A 20-year-old woman presents with menorrhagia for the past several years. She says that her menses “have always been heavy”, and she has experienced easy bruising for as long as she can remember. Family history is significant for her mother, who had similar problems with bruising easily. The patient's vital signs include: heart rate 98/min, respiratory rate 14/min, temperature 36.1°C (96.9°F), and blood pressure 110/87 mm Hg. Physical examination is unremarkable. Laboratory tests show the following: platelet count 200,000/mm3, PT 12 seconds, and PTT 43 seconds. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient’s symptoms?</p>

(A) Hemophilia A<br>

(B) Lupus anticoagulant<br>

(C) Protein C deficiency<br>

(D) Von Willebrand disease<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low55" name="Q55_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low55">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate55" name="Q55_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate55">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high55" name="Q55_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high55">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 56</b>: A 40-year-old zookeeper presents to the emergency department complaining of severe abdominal pain that radiates to her back, and nausea. The pain started 2 days ago and slowly increased until she could not tolerate it any longer. Past medical history is significant for hypertension and hypothyroidism. Additionally, she reports that she was recently stung by one of the zoo’s smaller scorpions, but did not seek medical treatment. She takes aspirin, levothyroxine, oral contraceptive pills, and a multivitamin daily. Family history is noncontributory. Today, her blood pressure is 108/58 mm Hg, heart rate is 99/min, respiratory rate is 21/min, and temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F). On physical exam, she is a well-developed, obese female that looks unwell. Her heart has a regular rate and rhythm. Radial pulses are weak but symmetric. Her lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. Her lateral left ankle is swollen, erythematous, and painful to palpate. An abdominal CT is consistent with acute pancreatitis. Which of the following is the most likely etiology for this patient’s disease?</p>

(A) Aspirin<br>

(B) Oral contraceptive pills<br>

(C) Scorpion sting<br>

(D) Hypothyroidism<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low56" name="Q56_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low56">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate56" name="Q56_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate56">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high56" name="Q56_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high56">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 57</b>: A 25-year-old primigravida presents to her physician for a routine prenatal visit. She is at 34 weeks gestation, as confirmed by an ultrasound examination. She has no complaints, but notes that the new shoes she bought 2 weeks ago do not fit anymore. The course of her pregnancy has been uneventful and she has been compliant with the recommended prenatal care. Her medical history is unremarkable. She has a 15-pound weight gain since the last visit 3 weeks ago. Her vital signs are as follows: blood pressure, 148/90 mm Hg; heart rate, 88/min; respiratory rate, 16/min; and temperature, 36.6℃ (97.9℉). The blood pressure on repeat assessment 4 hours later is 151/90 mm Hg. The fetal heart rate is 151/min. The physical examination is significant for 2+ pitting edema of the lower extremity. Which of the following tests o should confirm the probable condition of this patient?</p>

(A) Bilirubin assessment<br>

(B) Coagulation studies<br>

(C) Leukocyte count with differential<br>

(D) 24-hour urine protein<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low57" name="Q57_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low57">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate57" name="Q57_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate57">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high57" name="Q57_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high57">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 58</b>: A 3900-g (8.6-lb) male infant is delivered at 39 weeks' gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery. Pregnancy and delivery were uncomplicated but a prenatal ultrasound at 20 weeks showed a defect in the pleuroperitoneal membrane. Further evaluation of this patient is most likely to show which of the following findings?</p>

(A) Gastric fundus in the thorax<br>

(B) Pancreatic ring around the duodenum<br>

(C) Hypertrophy of the gastric pylorus<br>

(D) Large bowel in the inguinal canal<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low58" name="Q58_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low58">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate58" name="Q58_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate58">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high58" name="Q58_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high58">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 59</b>: A 62-year-old woman presents for a regular check-up. She complains of lightheadedness and palpitations which occur episodically. Past medical history is significant for a myocardial infarction 6 months ago and NYHA class II chronic heart failure. She also was diagnosed with grade I arterial hypertension 4 years ago. Current medications are aspirin 81 mg, atorvastatin 10 mg, enalapril 10 mg, and metoprolol 200 mg daily. Her vital signs are a blood pressure of 135/90 mm Hg, a heart rate of 125/min, a respiratory rate of 14/min, and a temperature of 36.5°C (97.7°F). Cardiopulmonary examination is significant for irregular heart rhythm and decreased S1 intensity. ECG is obtained and is shown in the picture (see image). Echocardiography shows a left ventricular ejection fraction of 39%. Which of the following drugs is the best choice for rate control in this patient?</p>

(A) Atenolol<br>

(B) Diltiazem<br>

(C) Propafenone<br>

(D) Digoxin<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low59" name="Q59_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low59">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate59" name="Q59_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate59">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high59" name="Q59_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high59">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 60</b>: A 35-year-old male presents to his primary care physician with complaints of seasonal allergies. He has been using intranasal vasoconstrictors several times per day for several weeks. What is a likely sequela of the chronic use of topical nasal decongestants?</p>

(A) Epistaxis<br>

(B) Permanent loss of smell<br>

(C) Persistent nasal crusting<br>

(D) Persistent congestion<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low60" name="Q60_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low60">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate60" name="Q60_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate60">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high60" name="Q60_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high60">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 61</b>: A 46-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 2-week history of diplopia and ocular pain when reading the newspaper. She also has a 3-month history of amenorrhea, hot flashes, and increased sweating. She reports that she has been overweight all her adult life and is happy to have lost 6.8-kg (15-lb) of weight in the past 2 months. Her pulse is 110/min, and blood pressure is 148/98 mm Hg. Physical examination shows moist palms and a nontender thyroid gland that is enlarged to two times its normal size. Ophthalmologic examination shows prominence of the globes of the eyes, bilateral lid retraction, conjunctival injection, and an inability to converge the eyes. There is no pain on movement of the extraocular muscles. Visual acuity is 20/20 bilaterally. Neurologic examination shows a fine resting tremor of the hands. Deep tendon reflexes are 3+ with a shortened relaxation phase. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's ocular complaints?</p>

(A) Granulomatous inflammation of the cavernous sinus<br>

(B) Abnormal communication between the cavernous sinus and the internal carotid artery<br>

(C) Glycosaminoglycan accumulation in the orbit<br>

(D) Sympathetic hyperactivity of levator palpebrae superioris
"<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low61" name="Q61_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low61">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate61" name="Q61_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate61">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high61" name="Q61_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high61">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 62</b>: A 1-year-old boy presents to the emergency department with weakness and a change in his behavior. His parents state that they first noticed the change in his behavior this morning and it has been getting worse. They noticed the patient was initially weak in his upper body and arms, but now he won’t move his legs with as much strength or vigor as he used to. Physical exam is notable for bilateral ptosis with a sluggish pupillary response, a very weak sucking and gag reflex, and shallow respirations. The patient is currently drooling and his diaper is dry. The parents state he has not had a bowel movement in over 1 day. Which of the following is the pathophysiology of this patient’s condition?</p>

(A) Autoantibodies against the presynaptic voltage-gated calcium channels<br>

(B) Autoimmune demyelination of peripheral nerves<br>

(C) Blockade of presynaptic acetylcholine release at the neuromuscular junction<br>

(D) Lower motor neuron destruction in the anterior horn<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low62" name="Q62_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low62">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate62" name="Q62_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate62">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high62" name="Q62_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high62">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 63</b>: A 9-month-old female is brought to the emergency department after experiencing a seizure. She was born at home and was normal at birth according to her parents. Since then, they have noticed that she does not appear to be achieving developmental milestones as quickly as her siblings, and often appears lethargic. Physical exam reveals microcephaly, very light pigmentation (as compared to her family), and a "musty" body odor. The varied manifestations of this disease can most likely be attributed to which of the following genetic principles?</p>

(A) Anticipation<br>

(B) Multiple gene mutations<br>

(C) Pleiotropy<br>

(D) Variable expressivity<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low63" name="Q63_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low63">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate63" name="Q63_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate63">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high63" name="Q63_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high63">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 64</b>: A 23-year-old man comes to the physician for evaluation of decreased hearing, dizziness, and ringing in his right ear for the past 6 months. Physical examination shows multiple soft, yellow plaques and papules on his arms, chest, and back. There is sensorineural hearing loss and weakness of facial muscles bilaterally. His gait is unsteady. An MRI of the brain shows a 3-cm mass near the right internal auditory meatus and a 2-cm mass at the left cerebellopontine angle. The abnormal cells in these masses are most likely derived from which of the following embryological structures?</p>

(A) Neural tube<br>

(B) Surface ectoderm<br>

(C) Neural crest<br>

(D) Notochord<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low64" name="Q64_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low64">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate64" name="Q64_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate64">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high64" name="Q64_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high64">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 65</b>: A 62-year-old woman comes to the physician because of coughing and fatigue during the past 2 years. In the morning, the cough is productive of white phlegm. She becomes short of breath walking up a flight of stairs. She has hypertension and hyperlipidemia. She has recently retired from working as a nurse at a homeless shelter. She has smoked 1 pack of cigarettes daily for 40 years. Current medications include ramipril and fenofibrate. Her temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), respirations are 24/min, pulse is 85/min, and blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg. Scattered wheezing and rhonchi are heard throughout both lung fields. There are no murmurs, rubs, or gallops but heart sounds are distant. Which of the following is the most likely underlying cause of this patient's symptoms?</p>

(A) Chronic decrease in pulmonary compliance<br>

(B) Local accumulation of kinins<br>

(C) Progressive obstruction of expiratory airflow<br>

(D) Incremental loss of functional residual capacity
"<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low65" name="Q65_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low65">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate65" name="Q65_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate65">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high65" name="Q65_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high65">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 66</b>: A 68-year-old man presents to the emergency department with leg pain. He states that the pain started suddenly while he was walking outside. The patient has a past medical history of diabetes, hypertension, obesity, and atrial fibrillation. His temperature is 99.3°F (37.4°C), blood pressure is 152/98 mmHg, pulse is 97/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air. Physical exam is notable for a cold and pale left leg. The patient’s sensation is markedly diminished in the left leg when compared to the right, and his muscle strength is 1/5 in his left leg. Which of the following is the best next step in management?</p>

(A) Graded exercise and aspirin<br>

(B) Heparin drip<br>

(C) Surgical thrombectomy<br>

(D) Tissue plasminogen activator<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low66" name="Q66_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low66">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate66" name="Q66_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate66">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high66" name="Q66_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high66">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 67</b>: A 76-year-old African American man presents to his primary care provider complaining of urinary frequency. He wakes up 3-4 times per night to urinate while he previously only had to wake up once per night. He also complains of post-void dribbling and difficulty initiating a stream of urine. He denies any difficulty maintaining an erection. His past medical history is notable for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and gout. He takes aspirin, atorvastatin, enalapril, and allopurinol. His family history is notable for prostate cancer in his father and lung cancer in his mother. He has a 15-pack-year smoking history and drinks alcohol socially. On digital rectal exam, his prostate is enlarged, smooth, and non-tender. Which of the following medications is indicated in this patient?</p>

(A) Hydrochlorothiazide<br>

(B) Midodrine<br>

(C) Oxybutynin<br>

(D) Tamsulosin<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low67" name="Q67_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low67">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate67" name="Q67_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate67">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high67" name="Q67_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high67">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 68</b>: A 68-year-old man comes to the physician because of recurrent episodes of nausea and abdominal discomfort for the past 4 months. The discomfort is located in the upper abdomen and sometimes occurs after eating, especially after a big meal. He has tried to go for a walk after dinner to help with digestion, but his complaints have only increased. For the past 3 weeks he has also had symptoms while climbing the stairs to his apartment. He has type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and stage 2 peripheral arterial disease. He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the past 45 years. He drinks one to two beers daily and occasionally more on weekends. His current medications include metformin, enalapril, and aspirin. He is 168 cm (5 ft 6 in) tall and weighs 126 kg (278 lb); BMI is 45 kg/m2. His temperature is 36.4°C (97.5°F), pulse is 78/min, and blood pressure is 148/86 mm Hg. On physical examination, the abdomen is soft and nontender with no organomegaly. Foot pulses are absent bilaterally. An ECG shows no abnormalities. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in diagnosis?</p>

(A) Esophagogastroduodenoscopy<br>

(B) Hydrogen breath test<br>

(C) Cardiac stress test<br>

(D) Abdominal ultrasonography of the right upper quadrant<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low68" name="Q68_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low68">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate68" name="Q68_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate68">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high68" name="Q68_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high68">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 69</b>: A 27-year-old female presents to general medical clinic for a routine checkup. She has a genetic disease marked by a mutation in a chloride transporter. She has a history of chronic bronchitis. She has a brother with a similar history of infections as well as infertility. Which of the following is most likely true regarding a potential vitamin deficiency complication secondary to this patient's chronic illness?</p>

(A) It may result in corneal vascularization<br>

(B) It may result in the triad of confusion, ophthalmoplegia, and ataxia<br>

(C) It may be exacerbated by excessive ingestion of raw eggs<br>

(D) It may manifest itself as a prolonged PT<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low69" name="Q69_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low69">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate69" name="Q69_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate69">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high69" name="Q69_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high69">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 70</b>: A previously healthy 36-year-old man comes to the physician for a yellow discoloration of his skin and dark-colored urine for 2 weeks. He does not drink any alcohol. Physical examination shows jaundice. Abdominal and neurologic examinations show no abnormalities. Serum studies show increased levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST). A liver biopsy is performed and a photomicrograph after periodic acid-Schiff-staining is shown. Which of the following is the most likely additional finding in this patient?</p>

(A) Bullous changes of the lung bases on chest CT<br>

(B) Beading of intra- and extrahepatic bile ducts on ERCP<br>

(C) Myocardial iron deposition on cardiovascular MRI<br>

(D) Dark corneal ring on slit-lamp examination<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low70" name="Q70_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low70">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate70" name="Q70_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate70">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high70" name="Q70_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high70">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 71</b>: A 69-year-old male presents to the emergency room with back pain. He has a history of personality disorder and metastatic prostate cancer and was not a candidate for surgical resection. He began chemotherapy but discontinued due to unremitting nausea. He denies any bowel or bladder incontinence. He has never had pain like this before and is demanding morphine. The nurse administers IV morphine and he feels more comfortable. Vital signs are stable. On physical examination you note tenderness to palpation along the lower spine, weakness in the bilateral lower extremities, left greater than right. Neurological examination is also notable for hyporeflexia in the knee and ankle jerks bilaterally. You conduct a rectal examination, which reveals saddle anesthesia. Regarding this patient, what is the most likely diagnosis and the appropriate next step in management?</p>

(A) The most likely diagnosis is cauda equina syndrome and steroids should be started prior to MRI<br>

(B) The most likely diagnosis is cauda equina syndrome and steroids should be started after to MRI<br>

(C) The most likely diagnosis is cauda equina syndrome and the patient should be rushed to radiation<br>

(D) The most likely diagnosis is conus medullaris syndrome and steroids should be started prior to MRI<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low71" name="Q71_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low71">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate71" name="Q71_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate71">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high71" name="Q71_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high71">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 72</b>: An investigator is studying the function of the lateral nucleus of the hypothalamus in an experimental animal. Using a viral vector, the genes encoding chloride-conducting channelrhodopsins are injected into this nucleus. Photostimulation of the channels causes complete inhibition of action potential generation. Persistent photostimulation is most likely to result in which of the following abnormalities in these animals?</p>

(A) Hypothermia<br>

(B) Hyperthermia<br>

(C) Polydipsia<br>

(D) Anorexia<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low72" name="Q72_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low72">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate72" name="Q72_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate72">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high72" name="Q72_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high72">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 73</b>: A 52-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 6-month history of generalized fatigue, low-grade fever, and a 10-kg (22-lb) weight loss. Physical examination shows generalized pallor and splenomegaly. Her hemoglobin concentration is 7.5 g/dL and leukocyte count is 41,800/mm3. Leukocyte alkaline phosphatase activity is low. Peripheral blood smear shows basophilia with myelocytes and metamyelocytes. Bone marrow biopsy shows cellular hyperplasia with proliferation of immature granulocytic cells. Which of the following mechanisms is most likely responsible for this patient's condition?</p>

(A) Cytokine-independent activation of the JAK-STAT pathway<br>

(B) Loss of function of the APC gene<br>

(C) Altered expression of the retinoic acid receptor gene<br>

(D) Unregulated expression of the ABL1 gene<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low73" name="Q73_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low73">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate73" name="Q73_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate73">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high73" name="Q73_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high73">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 74</b>: A 42-year-old woman is in the hospital recovering from a cholecystectomy performed 3 days ago that was complicated by cholangitis. She is being treated with IV piperacillin-tazobactam. She calls the nurse to her room because she says that her heart is racing. She also demands that someone come in to clean the pile of garbage off of the floor because it is attracting flies. Her pulse is 112/min, respiratory rate is 20/min, temperature is 38.0°C (100.4°F), and blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg. On physical examination, the patient appears sweaty, distressed, and unable to remain still. She is oriented to person, but not place or time. Palpation of the abdomen shows no tenderness, rebound, or guarding. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient?</p>

(A) Acute cholangitis<br>

(B) Alcoholic hallucinosis<br>

(C) Delirium tremens<br>

(D) Hepatic encephalopathy<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low74" name="Q74_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low74">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate74" name="Q74_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate74">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high74" name="Q74_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high74">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 75</b>: A 48-year-old woman comes to the emergency department because of a photosensitive blistering rash on her hands, forearms, and face for 3 weeks. The lesions are not itchy. She has also noticed that her urine has been dark brown in color recently. Twenty years ago, she was successfully treated for Coats disease of the retina via retinal sclerotherapy. She is currently on hormonal replacement therapy for perimenopausal symptoms. Her aunt and sister have a history of a similar skin lesions. Examination shows multiple fluid-filled blisters and oozing erosions on the forearms, dorsal side of both hands, and forehead. There is hyperpigmented scarring and patches of bald skin along the sides of the blisters. Laboratory studies show a normal serum ferritin concentration. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management to induce remission in this patient?</p>

(A) Pursue liver transplantation<br>

(B) Begin oral thalidomide therapy<br>

(C) Begin phlebotomy therapy<br>

(D) Begin oral hydroxychloroquine therapy<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low75" name="Q75_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low75">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate75" name="Q75_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate75">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high75" name="Q75_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high75">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 76</b>: A 53-year-old man comes to the emergency department because of severe right-sided flank pain for 3 hours. The pain is colicky, radiates towards his right groin, and he describes it as 8/10 in intensity. He has vomited once. He has no history of similar episodes in the past. Last year, he was treated with naproxen for swelling and pain of his right toe. He has a history of hypertension. He drinks one to two beers on the weekends. Current medications include amlodipine. He appears uncomfortable. His temperature is 37.1°C (99.3°F), pulse is 101/min, and blood pressure is 130/90 mm Hg. Examination shows a soft, nontender abdomen and right costovertebral angle tenderness. An upright x-ray of the abdomen shows no abnormalities. A CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis shows a 7-mm stone in the proximal ureter and grade I hydronephrosis on the right. Which of the following is most likely to be seen on urinalysis?</p>

(A) Urinary pH: 7.3<br>

(B) Urinary pH: 4.7<br>

(C) Positive nitrites test<br>

(D) Largely positive urinary protein<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low76" name="Q76_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low76">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate76" name="Q76_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate76">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high76" name="Q76_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high76">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 77</b>: A 5-year-old girl is brought to the clinic by her mother for excessive hair growth. Her mother reports that for the past 2 months she has noticed hair at the axillary and pubic areas. She denies any family history of precocious puberty and reports that her daughter has been relatively healthy with an uncomplicated birth history. She denies any recent illnesses, weight change, fever, vaginal bleeding, pain, or medication use. Physical examination demonstrates Tanner stage 4 development. A pelvic ultrasound shows an ovarian mass. Laboratory studies demonstrates an elevated level of estrogen. What is the most likely diagnosis?</p>

(A) Granulosa cell tumor<br>

(B) Idiopathic precocious puberty<br>

(C) McCune-Albright syndrome<br>

(D) Sertoli-Leydig tumor<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low77" name="Q77_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low77">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate77" name="Q77_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate77">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high77" name="Q77_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high77">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 78</b>: A 16-year-old boy is brought to the physician by his mother because she is worried about his behavior. Yesterday, he was expelled from school for repeatedly skipping classes. Over the past 2 months, he was suspended 3 times for bullying and aggressive behavior towards his peers and teachers. Once, his neighbor found him smoking cigarettes in his backyard. In the past, he consistently maintained an A grade average and had been a regular attendee of youth group events at their local church. The mother first noticed this change in behavior 3 months ago, around the time at which his father moved out after discovering his wife was having an affair. Which of the following defense mechanisms best describes the change in this patient's behavior?</p>

(A) Acting out<br>

(B) Projection<br>

(C) Passive aggression<br>

(D) Regression<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low78" name="Q78_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low78">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate78" name="Q78_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate78">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high78" name="Q78_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high78">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 79</b>: A 63-year-old woman presents to her primary-care doctor for a 2-month history of vision changes, specifically citing the gradual onset of double vision. Her double vision is present all the time and does not get better or worse throughout the day. She has also noticed that she has a hard time keeping her right eye open, and her right eyelid looks 'droopy' in the mirror. Physical exam findings during primary gaze are shown in the photo. Her right pupil is 6 mm and poorly reactive to light. The rest of her neurologic exam is unremarkable. Laboratory studies show an Hb A1c of 5.0%. Which of the following is the next best test for this patient?</p>

(A) Direct fundoscopy<br>

(B) Intraocular pressures<br>

(C) MR angiography of the head<br>

(D) Temporal artery biopsy<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low79" name="Q79_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low79">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate79" name="Q79_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate79">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high79" name="Q79_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high79">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 80</b>: An investigator is studying the modification of newly formed polypeptides in plated eukaryotic cells. After the polypeptides are released from the ribosome, a chemically-tagged protein attaches covalently to lysine residues on the polypeptide chain, forming a modified polypeptide. When a barrel-shaped complex is added to the cytoplasm, the modified polypeptide lyses, resulting in individual amino acids and the chemically-tagged proteins. Which of the following post-translational modifications has most likely occurred?</p>

(A) Glycosylation<br>

(B) Phosphorylation<br>

(C) Carboxylation<br>

(D) Ubiquitination<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low80" name="Q80_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low80">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate80" name="Q80_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate80">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high80" name="Q80_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high80">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 81</b>: A 38-year-old man presents to his physician with double vision persisting for a week. When he enters the exam room, the physician notes that the patient has a broad-based gait. The man’s wife informs the doctor that he has been an alcoholic for the last 5 years and his consumption of alcohol has increased significantly over the past few months. She also reports that he has become indifferent to his family members over time and is frequently agitated. She also says that his memory has been affected significantly, and when asked about a particular detail, he often recollects it incorrectly, though he insists that his version is the true one. On physical examination, his vital signs are stable, but when the doctor asks him where he is, he seems to be confused. His neurological examination also shows nystagmus. Which of the following options describes the earliest change in the pathophysiology of the central nervous system in this man?</p>

(A) Decreased α-ketoglutarate dehydrogenase activity in astrocytes<br>

(B) Increased extracellular concentration of glutamate<br>

(C) Increased astrocyte lactate<br>

(D) Breakdown of the blood-brain barrier<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low81" name="Q81_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low81">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate81" name="Q81_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate81">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high81" name="Q81_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high81">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 82</b>: A 69-year-old man is brought by his son to the emergency department with weakness in his right arm and leg. The man insists that he is fine and blames his son for "creating panic". Four hours ago the patient was having tea with his wife when he suddenly dropped his teacup. He has had difficulty moving his right arm since then and cannot walk because his right leg feels stuck. He has a history of hypertension and dyslipidemia, for which he currently takes lisinopril and atorvastatin, respectively. He is allergic to aspirin and peanuts. A computerized tomography (CT) scan shows evidence of an ischemic stroke. Which medication would most likely prevent such attacks in this patient in the future?</p>

(A) Alteplase<br>

(B) Urokinase<br>

(C) Celecoxib<br>

(D) Clopidogrel<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low82" name="Q82_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low82">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate82" name="Q82_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate82">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high82" name="Q82_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high82">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 83</b>: A 70-year-old man presents to a medical clinic reporting blood in his urine and lower abdominal pain for the past few days. He is also concerned about urinary frequency and urgency. He states that he recently completed a cycle of chemotherapy for non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Which medication in the chemotherapy regimen most likely caused his symptoms?</p>

(A) Methotrexate<br>

(B) Rituximab<br>

(C) Cyclophosphamide<br>

(D) Prednisone<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low83" name="Q83_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low83">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate83" name="Q83_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate83">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high83" name="Q83_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high83">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 84</b>: A 27-year-old man presents to the emergency department after a dog bite. The patient was intoxicated and pulled the dog’s tail while it was eating. The dog belongs to his friend and is back at his friend’s house currently. Physical exam is notable for a dog bite on the patient’s right arm. The wound is irrigated and explored with no retained bodies found. A tetanus vaccination is administered. Which of the following is appropriate management of this patient?</p>

(A) Administer amoxicillin-clavulanic acid<br>

(B) Administer trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole<br>

(C) Close the wound with sutures and discharge the patient<br>

(D) Discharge the patient with outpatient follow up<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low84" name="Q84_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low84">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate84" name="Q84_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate84">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high84" name="Q84_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high84">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 85</b>: A 19-year-old woman, accompanied by her parents, presents after a one-week history of abnormal behavior, delusions, and unusual aggression. She denies fever, seizures or illicit drug use. Family history is negative for psychiatric illnesses. She was started on risperidone and sent home with her parents. Three days later, she is brought to the emergency department with fever and confusion. She is not verbally responsive. At the hospital, her temperature is 39.8°C (103.6°F), the blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, the pulse rate is 102/min, and the respiratory rate is 16/min. She is extremely diaphoretic and appears stiff. She has spontaneous eye-opening but she is not verbally responsive and she is not following commands. Laboratory studies show:
Sodium 142 mmol/L
Potassium 5.0 mmol/L
Creatinine 1.8 mg/dl
Calcium 10.4 mg/dl
Creatine kinase 9800 U/L
White blood cells 14,500/mm3
Hemoglobin 12.9 g/dl
Platelets 175,000/mm3
Urinalysis shows protein 1+, hemoglobin 3+ with occasional leukocytes and no red blood casts. What is the best first step in the management of this condition?</p>

(A) Intravenous hydration<br>

(B) Paracetamol<br>

(C) Stop risperidone<br>

(D) Switch risperidone to clozapine<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low85" name="Q85_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low85">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate85" name="Q85_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate85">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high85" name="Q85_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high85">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 86</b>: A 35-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 1-month history of double vision, difficulty climbing stairs, and weakness when trying to brush her hair. She reports that these symptoms are worse after she exercises and disappear after she rests for a few hours. Physical examination shows drooping of her right upper eyelid that worsens when the patient is asked to gaze at the ceiling for 2 minutes. There is diminished motor strength in the upper extremities. The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?</p>

(A) Myasthenia gravis<br>

(B) Polymyositis<br>

(C) Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis<br>

(D) Multiple sclerosis<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low86" name="Q86_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low86">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate86" name="Q86_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate86">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high86" name="Q86_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high86">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 87</b>: A 6-year-old male who recently immigrated to the United States from Asia is admitted to the hospital with dyspnea. Physical exam reveals a gray pseudomembrane in the patient's oropharynx along with lymphadenopathy. The patient develops myocarditis and expires on hospital day 5. Which of the following would have prevented this patient's presentation and decline?</p>

(A) Increased CD4+ T cell count<br>

(B) Secretory IgA against viral proteins<br>

(C) Increased IgM preventing bacterial invasion<br>

(D) Circulating IgG against AB exotoxin<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low87" name="Q87_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low87">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate87" name="Q87_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate87">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high87" name="Q87_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high87">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 88</b>: A 12-year-old boy who recently emigrated from Pakistan presents with fever, muscle pain, and weakness of the trunk, abdomen, and legs. The patient’s mother says that he has not been vaccinated. Physical examination reveals fasciculation and flaccid paralysis of the lower limbs. A CSF analysis reveals lymphocytosis with normal glucose and protein levels. A throat swab reveals an RNA virus. Which of the following would most likely be destroyed by the virus in this patient?</p>

(A) Posterior horn cells of the spinal cord<br>

(B) Myelin sheath of neurons<br>

(C) Muscle cells<br>

(D) Anterior horn of the spinal cord<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low88" name="Q88_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low88">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate88" name="Q88_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate88">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high88" name="Q88_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high88">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 89</b>: A researcher is studying the properties of an enzyme that adds phosphate groups to glucose. She discovers that the enzyme is present in most body tissues and is located in the cytoplasm of the cells expressing the enzyme. She decides to mix this enzyme under subphysiologic conditions with varying levels of glucose in order to determine the kinetic properties of the enzyme. Specifically, she adds increasing levels of glucose at a saturating concentration of phosphate and sees that the rate at which glucose becomes phosphorylated gets faster at higher levels of glucose. She observes that this rate approaches a maximum speed and calls this speed Y. She then determines the concentration of glucose that is needed to make the enzyme function at half the speed Y and calls this concentration X. Which of the following is most likely true about the properties of this enzyme?</p>

(A) High X and high Y<br>

(B) High X and low Y<br>

(C) Low X and high Y<br>

(D) Low X and low Y<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low89" name="Q89_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low89">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate89" name="Q89_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate89">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high89" name="Q89_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high89">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 90</b>: A 31-year-old G2P2 female at 40 weeks gestation presents to the hospital following a rush of water that came from her vagina. She is 4 cm dilated and 80% effaced. Fetal heart tracing shows a pulse of 155/min with variable decelerations. About 12 hours after presentation, she gives birth to a 6 lb 15 oz baby boy with APGAR scores of 8 and 9 at 1 and 5 minutes, respectively. Which of the following structures is responsible for inhibition of female internal genitalia?</p>

(A) Spermatogonia<br>

(B) Allantois<br>

(C) Syncytiotrophoblast<br>

(D) Sertoli cells<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low90" name="Q90_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low90">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate90" name="Q90_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate90">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high90" name="Q90_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high90">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 91</b>: A 43-year-old woman presents to the emergency department complaining of palpitations, dry cough, and shortness of breath for 1 week. She immigrated to the United States from Korea at the age of 20. She says that her heart is racing and she has never felt these symptoms before. Her cough is dry and is associated with shortness of breath that occurs with minimal exertion. Her past medical history is otherwise unremarkable. She has no allergies and is not currently taking any medications. She is a nonsmoker and an occasional drinker. She denies illicit drug use. Her blood pressure is 100/65 mm Hg, pulse is 76/min, respiratory rate is 23/min, and temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F). Her physical examination is significant for bibasilar lung crackles and a non-radiating, low-pitched, mid-diastolic rumbling murmur best heard at the apical region. In addition, she has jugular vein distention and bilateral pitting edema in her lower extremities. Which of the following best describes the infectious agent that led to this patient’s condition?</p>

(A) A bacterium that induces partial lysis of red cells with hydrogen peroxide<br>

(B) A bacterium that induces complete lysis of the red cells of a blood agar plate with an oxygen-sensitive cytotoxin<br>

(C) A bacterium that induces heme degradation of the red cells of a blood agar plate<br>

(D) A bacterium that requires an anaerobic environment to grow properly<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low91" name="Q91_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low91">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate91" name="Q91_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate91">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high91" name="Q91_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high91">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 92</b>: A male neonate is being examined by a pediatrician. His mother informs the doctor that she had a mild fever with rash, muscle pain, and swollen and tender lymph nodes during the second month of gestation. The boy was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery with no prenatal care. On physical examination, the neonate has normal vital signs. Retinal examination reveals the findings shown in the image. Which of the following congenital heart defects is most likely to be present in this neonate?</p>

(A) Atrial septal defect<br>

(B) Ventricular septal defect<br>

(C) Tetralogy of Fallot<br>

(D) Patent ductus arteriosus<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low92" name="Q92_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low92">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate92" name="Q92_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate92">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high92" name="Q92_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high92">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 93</b>: A 4-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department by his parents. He is lethargic and confused and has a severe headache, vomiting, and a high-grade fever since earlier that day. His mother reports that the child was doing well until 2 days ago when he developed a fever and green nasal discharge. The patient has a history of neonatal sepsis, meningococcemia at 18 months of age, and pneumococcal pneumonia at 2 and 3 years of age. His scheduled vaccinations are up to date. His blood pressure is 70/50 mm Hg, heart rate is 120/min, respiratory rate is 22/min, and temperature is 39.3°C (102.4°F). On examination, the child is lethargic and his skin is pale, with several petechiae over his buttocks. There is a purulent nasal discharge from both nostrils. The lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. Heart sounds are normal. There is marked neck rigidity. Cerebrospinal fluid analysis shows the following results:
Opening pressure 100 mm H2O
Appearance cloudy
Protein 500 mg/dL (5 g/L)
White blood cells 2500/μL (polymorphonuclear predominance)
Protein 450 mg/dL (4.5 g/L)
Glucose 31 mg/dL (1.7 mmol/L)
Culture positive for N. meningitidis
Which of the following immunological processes is most likely to be impaired in this child?</p>

(A) Production of IL-2 by Th1 cells<br>

(B) Activation of TCRs by MHC-II<br>

(C) Formation of C5-9 complex<br>

(D) Cleavage of C2 component of complement into C2a and C2b<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low93" name="Q93_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low93">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate93" name="Q93_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate93">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high93" name="Q93_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high93">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 94</b>: A 66-year-old woman with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease is brought to the emergency department because of fever, body aches, malaise, and a dry cough. She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 30 years but quit smoking 1 year ago. She lives with her daughter and her granddaughter, who attends daycare. Her temperature is 38.1°C (101°F). Physical examination shows bilateral conjunctivitis, rhinorrhea, and erythematous tonsils without exudates. Further testing confirms infection with an enveloped orthomyxovirus. Administration of a drug with which of the following mechanisms of action is most appropriate?</p>

(A) Inhibition of nucleoside reverse transcriptase<br>

(B) Inhibition of proton translocation<br>

(C) Inhibition of neuraminidase<br>

(D) Inhibition of protease<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low94" name="Q94_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low94">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate94" name="Q94_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate94">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high94" name="Q94_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high94">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 95</b>: A 38-year-old woman undergoes hemithyroidectomy for treatment of localized, well-differentiated papillary thyroid carcinoma. The lesion is removed with clear margins. However, during the surgery, a structure lying directly adjacent to the superior thyroid artery at the upper pole of the thyroid lobe is damaged. This patient is most likely to experience which of the following symptoms?</p>

(A) Voice pitch limitation<br>

(B) Ineffective cough<br>

(C) Weakness of shoulder shrug<br>

(D) Shortness of breath<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low95" name="Q95_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low95">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate95" name="Q95_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate95">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high95" name="Q95_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high95">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 96</b>: A 27-year-old man presents to the emergency room with persistent fever, nausea, and vomiting for the past 3 days. While waiting to be seen, he quickly becomes disoriented and agitated. Upon examination, he has visible signs of difficulty breathing with copious oral secretions and generalized muscle twitching. The patient’s temperature is 104°F (40°C), blood pressure is 90/64 mmHg, pulse is 88/min, and respirations are 18/min with an oxygen saturation of 90% on room air. When the nurse tries to place a nasal cannula, the patient becomes fearful and combative. The patient is sedated and placed on mechanical ventilation. Which of the following is a risk factor for the patient’s most likely diagnosis?</p>

(A) Contaminated beef<br>

(B) Epiglottic cyst<br>

(C) Mosquito bite<br>

(D) Spelunking<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low96" name="Q96_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low96">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate96" name="Q96_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate96">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high96" name="Q96_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high96">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 97</b>: A 21-year-old man presents to the emergency department after sustaining a stab wound to the neck at a local farmer's market. The patient is otherwise healthy and is complaining of pain. The patient is able to offer the history himself. His temperature is 97.6°F (36.4°C), blood pressure is 120/84 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air. Physical exam demonstrates a 3 cm laceration 1 cm inferior to the mastoid process on the right side. The patient's breath sounds are clear and he is protecting his airway. No stridor or difficulty breathing is noted. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in the management of this patient?</p>

(A) CT angiogram<br>

(B) Intubation<br>

(C) Observation and blood pressure monitoring<br>

(D) Surgical exploration<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low97" name="Q97_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low97">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate97" name="Q97_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate97">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high97" name="Q97_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high97">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 98</b>: A 13-year-old girl presents to a medical office for the evaluation of a lump on the front of her neck. The patient denies pain, but states that the mass bothers her because “it moves when I swallow”. The physical examination reveals a midline neck mass that is above the hyoid bone but below the level of the mandible. The mass is minimally mobile and feels fluctuant without erythema. The patient is afebrile and all vital signs are stable. A complete blood count and thyroid function tests are performed and are within normal limits. What is the most likely cause of this patient’s presentation?</p>

(A) Persistent thyroid tissue at the tongue base<br>

(B) Deletion of the 22q11 gene<br>

(C) Cyst formation in a persistent thyroglossal duct<br>

(D) Lymph node enlargement<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low98" name="Q98_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low98">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate98" name="Q98_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate98">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high98" name="Q98_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high98">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 99</b>: A 35-year-old woman with a history of Crohn disease presents for a follow-up appointment. She says that lately, she has started to notice difficulty walking. She says that some of her friends have joked that she appears to be walking as if she was drunk. Past medical history is significant for Crohn disease diagnosed 2 years ago, managed with natalizumab for the past year because her intestinal symptoms have become severe and unresponsive to other therapies. On physical examination, there is gait and limb ataxia present. Strength is 4/5 in the right upper limb. A T1/T2 MRI of the brain is ordered and is shown. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?</p>

(A) Sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (sCJD)<br>

(B) Variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (vCJD)<br>

(C) Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (SSPE)<br>

(D) Progressive multifocal encephalopathy (PML)<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low99" name="Q99_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low99">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate99" name="Q99_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate99">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high99" name="Q99_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high99">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 100</b>: A 23-year-old G1 at 10 weeks gestation based on her last menstrual period is brought to the emergency department by her husband due to sudden vaginal bleeding. She says that she has mild lower abdominal cramps and is feeling dizzy and weak. Her blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, the pulse is 100/min, and the respiration rate is 15/min. She says that she has had light spotting over the last 3 days, but today the bleeding increased markedly and she also noticed the passage of clots. She says that she has changed three pads since the morning. She has also noticed that the nausea she was experiencing over the past few days has subsided. The physician examines her and notes that the cervical os is open and blood is pooling in the vagina. Products of conception can be visualized in the os. The patient is prepared for a suction curettage. Which of the following is the most likely cause for the pregnancy loss?</p>

(A) Rh immunization<br>

(B) Antiphospholipid syndrome<br>

(C) Chromosomal abnormalities<br>

(D) Trauma<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low100" name="Q100_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low100">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate100" name="Q100_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate100">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high100" name="Q100_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high100">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 101</b>: An 8-month-old boy is brought to a medical office by his mother. The mother states that the boy has been very fussy and has not been feeding recently. The mother thinks the baby has been gaining weight despite not feeding well. The boy was delivered vaginally at 39 weeks gestation without complications. On physical examination, the boy is noted to be crying in his mother’s arms. There is no evidence of cyanosis, and the cardiac examination is within normal limits. The crying intensifies when the abdomen is palpated. The abdomen is distended with tympany in the left lower quadrant. You suspect a condition caused by the failure of specialized cells to migrate. What is the most likely diagnosis?</p>

(A) Meckel diverticulum<br>

(B) DiGeorge syndrome<br>

(C) Duodenal atresia<br>

(D) Hirschsprung disease<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low101" name="Q101_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low101">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate101" name="Q101_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate101">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high101" name="Q101_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high101">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 102</b>: A 60-year-old man seeks evaluation at a medical office due to leg pain while walking. He says the pain starts in his buttocks and extends to his thighs and down to his calves. Previously, the pain resolved with rest, but the pain now persists in his feet, even during rest. His past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cigarette smoking. The vital signs are within normal limits. The physical examination shows an atrophied leg with bilateral loss of hair. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient’s condition?</p>

(A) Decreased permeability of endothelium<br>

(B) Narrowing and calcification of vessels<br>

(C) Peripheral emboli formation<br>

(D) Weakening of vessel wall<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low102" name="Q102_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low102">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate102" name="Q102_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate102">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high102" name="Q102_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high102">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 103</b>: A 52-year-old man presents to the emergency department with chest pain radiating to his left jaw and arm. He states that he had experienced similar symptoms when playing basketball. The medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and GERD, for which he takes metformin, hydrochlorothiazide, and pantoprazole, respectively. The blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg, the pulse is 100/min, and the respirations are 15/min. The ECG reveals ST elevation in leads V3-V6. He is hospitalized for an acute MI and started on treatment. The next day he complains of dizziness and blurred vision. Repeat vital signs were as follows: blood pressure 90/60 mm Hg, pulse 72/min, and respirations 12/min. The laboratory results were as follows:
Serum chemistry
Sodium 143 mEq/L
Potassium 4.1 mEq/L
Chloride 98 mEq/L
Bicarbonate 22 mEq/L
Blood urea nitrogen  26 mg/dL
Creatinine 2.3 mg/dL
Glucose 120 mg/dL
Which of the following drugs is responsible for this patient’s lab abnormalities?</p>

(A) Digoxin<br>

(B) Pantoprazole<br>

(C) Lisinopril<br>

(D) Nitroglycerin<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low103" name="Q103_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low103">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate103" name="Q103_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate103">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high103" name="Q103_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high103">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 104</b>: A 28-year-old woman is brought to the hospital by her boyfriend. She has had three days of fever and headache followed by one day of worsening confusion and hallucinations. She also becomes agitated when offered water. Her temperature is 101°F (38.3°C). Two months prior to presentation, the couple was camping and encountered bats in their cabin. In addition to an injection shortly after exposure, what would have been the most effective treatment for this patient?</p>

(A) A killed vaccine within ten days of exposure<br>

(B) Oseltamivir within one week of exposure<br>

(C) Venom antiserum within hours of exposure<br>

(D) Doxycycline for one month after exposure<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low104" name="Q104_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low104">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate104" name="Q104_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate104">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high104" name="Q104_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high104">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 105</b>: A 60-year-old man comes to the physician for an examination prior to a scheduled cholecystectomy. He has hypertension treated with hydrochlorothiazide. His mother had chronic granulomatous disease of the lung. He works in a glass manufacturing plant. He has smoked two packs of cigarettes daily for 38 years. His vital signs are within normal limits. Examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies are within the reference range. An x-ray of the chest is shown. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?</p>

(A) Perform arterial blood gas analysis<br>

(B) Perform CT-guided biopsy<br>

(C) Measure angiotensin-converting enzyme<br>

(D) Request previous chest x-ray<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low105" name="Q105_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low105">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate105" name="Q105_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate105">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high105" name="Q105_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high105">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 106</b>: You are examining a 3-day-old newborn who was delivered vaginally without any complications. The newborn presents with vomiting, hyperventilation, lethargy, and seizures. Blood work demonstrates hyperammonemia, elevated glutamine levels, and decreased blood urea nitrogen. A CT scan demonstrates cerebral edema. Defects in which of the following enzymes would result in a clinical presentation similar to this infant?</p>

(A) Phenylalanine hydroxylase<br>

(B) Branched-chain ketoacid dehydrogenase<br>

(C) Cystathionine synthase<br>

(D) Carbamoyl phosphate synthetase I<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low106" name="Q106_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low106">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate106" name="Q106_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate106">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high106" name="Q106_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high106">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 107</b>: A 48-year-old man with HIV comes to the physician because of skin lesions over his face and neck for 2 weeks. They are not itchy or painful. He does not have fever or a sore throat. He was treated for candidal esophagitis 3 months ago. He is sexually active with his wife, who knows of his condition, and uses condoms consistently. He is currently receiving triple antiretroviral therapy with lamivudine, abacavir, and efavirenz. He is 175 cm (5 ft 9 in) tall and weighs 58 kg (128 lb); BMI is 18.8 kg/m2. Examination shows multiple skin colored papules over his face and neck with a dimpled center. Cervical lymphadenopathy is present. The remainder of the examination is unremarkable. His hemoglobin concentration is 12.1 g/dL, leukocyte count is 4,900/mm3, and platelet count is 143,000/mm3; serum studies and urinalysis show no abnormalities. CD4+ T-lymphocyte count is 312/mm3 (normal ≥ 500). Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's findings?</p>

(A) Bartonella<br>

(B) Papillomavirus<br>

(C) Poxvirus<br>

(D) Coccidioides
"<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low107" name="Q107_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low107">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate107" name="Q107_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate107">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high107" name="Q107_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high107">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 108</b>: A 55-year-old man comes to the physician because of fatigue and worsening abdominal pain for 4 weeks. He also reports excessive night sweats and a 5.4-kg (12-lb) weight loss during this time. He has a neck swelling for 4 days. Physical examination shows a nontender, enlarged, and fixed supraclavicular lymph node. There is splenomegaly. A CT scan of the thorax and abdomen shows massively enlarged axillary, mediastinal, and cervical lymph nodes. Analysis of an excised cervical lymph node shows lymphocytes with a high proliferative index that stain positive for CD20. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?</p>

(A) Adult T-cell lymphoma<br>

(B) Burkitt lymphoma<br>

(C) Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma<br>

(D) Hodgkin lymphoma<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low108" name="Q108_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low108">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate108" name="Q108_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate108">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high108" name="Q108_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high108">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 109</b>: A 26-year-old G1P0 woman at 32-weeks gestation presents for follow-up ultrasound. She was diagnosed with gestational diabetes during her second trimester, but admits to poor glucose control and non-adherence to insulin therapy. Fetal ultrasound reveals an asymmetric, enlarged interventricular septum, left ventricular outflow tract obstruction, and significantly reduced ejection fraction. Which of the following is the most appropriate step in management after delivery?</p>

(A) Emergent open fetal surgery<br>

(B) Cardiac magnetic resonance imaging<br>

(C) Cardiac catheterization<br>

(D) Medical management<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low109" name="Q109_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low109">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate109" name="Q109_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate109">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high109" name="Q109_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high109">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 110</b>: A recent study attempted to analyze whether increased "patient satisfaction" driven healthcare resulted in increased hospitalization. In this hospital, several of the wards adopted new aspects of "patient satisfaction" driven healthcare, whereas the remainder of the hospital continued to use existing protocols. Baseline population characteristics and demographics were collected at the start of the study. At the end of the following year, hospital use was assessed and compared between the two groups. Which of the following best describes this type of study?</p>

(A) Prospective cohort<br>

(B) Retrospective case-control<br>

(C) Prospective case-control<br>

(D) Cross-sectional study<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low110" name="Q110_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low110">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate110" name="Q110_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate110">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high110" name="Q110_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high110">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 111</b>: A new screening test utilizing a telemedicine approach to diagnosing diabetic retinopathy has been implemented in a diabetes clinic. An ophthalmologist’s exam was also performed on all patients as the gold standard for diagnosis. In a pilot study of 500 patients, the screening test detected the presence of diabetic retinopathy in 250 patients. Ophthalmologist exam confirmed a diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy in 200 patients who tested positive in the screening test, as well as 10 patients who tested negative in the screening test. What is the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value of the screening test?</p>

(A) Sensitivity = 83%, Specificity = 95%, PPV = 80%, NPV = 96%<br>

(B) Sensitivity = 83%, Specificity = 95%, PPV = 96%, NPV = 80%<br>

(C) Sensitivity = 80%, Specificity = 95%, PPV = 96%, NPV = 83%<br>

(D) Sensitivity = 95%, Specificity = 83%, PPV = 80%, NPV = 96%<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low111" name="Q111_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low111">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate111" name="Q111_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate111">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high111" name="Q111_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high111">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 112</b>: A healthy 22-year-old male participates in a research study you are leading to compare the properties of skeletal and cardiac muscle. You conduct a 3-phased experiment with the participant. In the first phase, you get him to lift up a 2.3 kg (5 lb) weight off a table with his left hand. In the second phase, you get him to do 20 burpees, taking his heart rate to 150/min. In the third phase, you electrically stimulate his gastrocnemius with a frequency of 50 Hz. You are interested in the tension and electrical activity of specific muscles as follows: Biceps in phase 1, cardiac muscle in phase 2, and gastrocnemius in phase 3. What would you expect to be happening in the phases and the respective muscles of interest?</p>

(A) Recruitment of small motor units at the start of experiments 1 and 2<br>

(B) Recruitment of large motor units followed by small motor units in experiment 1<br>

(C) Fused tetanic contraction at the end of all three experiments<br>

(D) Increase of tension in all phases<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low112" name="Q112_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low112">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate112" name="Q112_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate112">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high112" name="Q112_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high112">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 113</b>: A 20-year-old male comes into your office two days after falling during a pick up basketball game. The patient states that the lateral aspect of his knee collided with another player's knee. On exam, the patient's right knee appears the same size as his left knee without any swelling or effusion. The patient has intact sensation and strength in both lower extremities. The patient's right knee has no laxity upon varus stress test, but is more lax upon valgus stress test when compared to his left knee. Lachman's test and posterior drawer test both have firm endpoints without laxity. Which of the following structures has this patient injured?</p>

(A) Posterior cruciate ligament<br>

(B) Anterior cruciate ligament<br>

(C) Medial collateral ligament<br>

(D) Lateral collateral ligament<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low113" name="Q113_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low113">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate113" name="Q113_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate113">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high113" name="Q113_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high113">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 114</b>: A 4-year-old boy is brought to the physician because of swelling around his eyes for 4 days. The swelling is most severe in the morning and milder by bedtime. Ten days ago, he had a sore throat that resolved spontaneously. His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 103/min, and blood pressure is 88/52 mm Hg. Examination shows 3+ pitting edema of the lower extremities and periorbital edema. The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 15.3 g/dL
Leukocyte count 10,500/mm3
Platelet count 480,000/mm3
Serum
Urea nitrogen 36 mg/dL
Glucose 67 mg/dL
Creatinine 0.8 mg/dL
Albumin 2.6 mg/dL
Urine
Blood negative
Glucose negative
Protein 4+
RBC none
WBC 0–1/hpf
Fatty casts numerous
Protein/creatinine ratio 6.8 (N ≤0.2)
Serum complement concentrations are within the reference ranges. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"</p>

(A) Enalapril therapy<br>

(B) Furosemide therapy<br>

(C) Anti-streptolysin O levels<br>

(D) Prednisone therapy<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low114" name="Q114_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low114">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate114" name="Q114_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate114">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high114" name="Q114_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high114">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 115</b>: An 18-year-old man comes to the clinic with his mom for “pins and needles” of both of his arms. He denies any past medical history besides a recent anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) tear that was repaired 1 week ago. The patient reports that the paresthesias are mostly located along the posterior forearms, left more than the right. What physical examination finding would you expect from this patient?</p>

(A) Loss of arm abduction<br>

(B) Loss of finger abducton<br>

(C) Loss of forearm flexion and supination<br>

(D) Loss of wrist extension<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low115" name="Q115_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low115">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate115" name="Q115_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate115">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high115" name="Q115_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high115">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 116</b>: A 9-year-old girl is resuscitated after the administration of an erroneous dose of intravenous phenytoin for recurrent seizures. This incident is reported to the authorities. A thorough investigation reveals various causative factors leading to the event. One important finding is a verbal misunderstanding of the dose of phenytoin between the ordering senior resident and the receiving first-year resident during the handover of the patient. To minimize the risk of this particular error in the future, the most appropriate management is to implement which of the following?</p>

(A) Closed-loop communication<br>

(B) Near miss<br>

(C) Root cause analysis<br>

(D) Sentinel event<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low116" name="Q116_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low116">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate116" name="Q116_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate116">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high116" name="Q116_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high116">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 117</b>: You are the team physician for an NBA basketball team. On the morning of an important playoff game, an EKG of a star player, Mr. P, shows findings suspicious for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM). Mr. P is an otherwise healthy, fit, professional athlete.

The playoff game that night is the most important of Mr. P's career. When you inform the coach that you are thinking of restricting Mr. P's participation, he threatens to fire you. Later that day you receive a phone call from the owner of the team threatening a lawsuit should you restrict Mr. P's ability to play. Mr. P states that he will be playing in the game "if it's the last thing I do."

Which of the following is the most appropriate next step?</p>

(A) Consult with a psychiatrist to have Mr. P committed<br>

(B) Call the police and have Mr. P arrested<br>

(C) Allow Mr. P to play against medical advice<br>

(D) Educate Mr. P about the risks of HCM<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low117" name="Q117_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low117">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate117" name="Q117_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate117">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high117" name="Q117_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high117">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 118</b>: A 37-year-old woman presents to the emergency department complaining of generalized malaise, weakness, headache, nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea; she last felt well roughly two days ago. She is otherwise healthy, and takes no medications. Her vital signs are: T 38.0, HR 96 beats per minute, BP 110/73, and O2 sat 96% on room air. Examination reveals a somewhat ill-appearing woman; she is drowsy but arousable and has no focal neurological deficits. Initial laboratory studies are notable for hematocrit 26%, platelets of 80,000/mL, and serum creatinine of 1.5 mg/dL. Which of the following is the most appropriate treatment at this time?</p>

(A) High-dose glucocorticoids<br>

(B) Cyclophosphamide and rituximab<br>

(C) Vancomycin and cefepime<br>

(D) Plasma exchange therapy<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low118" name="Q118_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low118">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate118" name="Q118_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate118">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high118" name="Q118_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high118">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 119</b>: A 5-week-old infant born at 36 weeks' gestation is brought to the physician for a well-child examination. Her mother reports that she previously breastfed her for 15 minutes every 2 hours but now feeds her for 40 minutes every 4 hours. The infant has six wet diapers and two stools daily. She currently weighs 3500 g (7.7 lb) and is 52 cm (20.4 in) in length. Vital signs are with normal limits. Cardiopulmonary examination shows a grade 4/6 continuous murmur heard best at the left infraclavicular area. After confirming the diagnosis via echocardiography, which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient?</p>

(A) Prostaglandin E1 infusion<br>

(B) Indomethacin infusion<br>

(C) Surgical ligation<br>

(D) Percutaneous surgery<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low119" name="Q119_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low119">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate119" name="Q119_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate119">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high119" name="Q119_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high119">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 120</b>: A 51-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 1-day history of right flank pain and bloody urine. Over the past 2 weeks, she has also developed progressive lower extremity swelling and a 3-kg (7-lb) weight gain. She has a history of chronic hepatitis B infection, which was diagnosed 10 years ago. She frequently flies from California to New York for business. She appears fatigued. Her pulse is 98/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 135/75 mm Hg. Examination shows periorbital edema, a distended abdomen, and 2+ edema of the lower extremities. The lungs are clear to auscultation. A CT scan of the abdomen shows a nodular liver with ascites, a large right kidney with abundant collateral vessels, and a filling defect in the right renal vein. Urinalysis shows 4+ protein, positive glucose, and fatty casts. Which of the following is the most likely underlying cause of this patient's renal vein findings?</p>

(A) Acquired factor VIII deficiency<br>

(B) Loss of antithrombin III<br>

(C) Impaired estrogen degradation<br>

(D) Antiphospholipid antibodies<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low120" name="Q120_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low120">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate120" name="Q120_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate120">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high120" name="Q120_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high120">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 121</b>: A 57-year-old man comes to the physician for a follow-up evaluation of chronic, retrosternal chest pain. The pain is worse at night and after heavy meals. He has taken oral pantoprazole for several months without any relief of his symptoms. Esophagogastroduodenoscopy shows ulcerations in the distal esophagus and a proximally dislocated Z-line. A biopsy of the distal esophagus shows columnar epithelium with goblet cells. Which of the following microscopic findings underlie the same pathomechanism as the cellular changes seen in this patient?</p>

(A) Squamous epithelium in the bladder<br>

(B) Paneth cells in the duodenum<br>

(C) Branching muscularis mucosa in the jejunum<br>

(D) Disorganized squamous epithelium in the endocervix<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low121" name="Q121_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low121">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate121" name="Q121_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate121">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high121" name="Q121_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high121">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 122</b>: A 37-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 6-month history of weight loss, bloating, and diarrhea. She does not smoke or drink alcohol. Her vital signs are within normal limits. She is 173 cm (5 ft 8 in) tall and weighs 54 kg (120 lb); BMI is 18 kg/m2. Physical examination shows bilateral white spots on the temporal half of the conjunctiva, dry skin, and a hard neck mass in the anterior midline that does not move with swallowing. Urinalysis after a D-xylose meal shows an increase in renal D-xylose excretion. Which of the following is most likely to have prevented this patient's weight loss?</p>

(A) Gluten-free diet<br>

(B) Pancreatic enzyme replacement<br>

(C) Tetracycline therapy<br>

(D) Lactose-free diet<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low122" name="Q122_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low122">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate122" name="Q122_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate122">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high122" name="Q122_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high122">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 123</b>: A 52-year-old man presents for a routine checkup. Past medical history is remarkable for stage 1 systemic hypertension and hepatitis A infection diagnosed 10 years ago. He takes aspirin, rosuvastatin, enalapril daily, and a magnesium supplement every once in a while. He is planning to visit Ecuador for a week-long vacation and is concerned about malaria prophylaxis before his travel. The physician advised taking 1 primaquine pill every day while he is there and for 7 consecutive days after leaving Ecuador. On the third day of his trip, the patient develops an acute onset headache, dizziness, shortness of breath, and fingertips and toes turning blue. His blood pressure is 135/80 mm Hg, heart rate is 94/min, respiratory rate is 22/min, temperature is 36.9℃ (98.4℉), and blood oxygen saturation is 97% in room air. While drawing blood for his laboratory workup, the nurse notes that his blood has a chocolate brown color. Which of the following statements best describes the etiology of this patient’s most likely condition?</p>

(A) The patient’s condition is due to consumption of water polluted with nitrates.<br>

(B) This condition resulted from primaquine overdose.<br>

(C) The condition developed because of his concomitant use of primaquine and magnesium supplement.<br>

(D) It is a type B adverse drug reaction.<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low123" name="Q123_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low123">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate123" name="Q123_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate123">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high123" name="Q123_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high123">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 124</b>: A 31-year-old woman, gravida 2, para 1, at 32 weeks' gestation comes to the emergency department for sudden leakage of clear vaginal fluid. Her pregnancy has been uncomplicated. Her first child was born at term by vaginal delivery. She has no history of serious illness. She does not drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes. Current medications include vitamin supplements. Her temperature is 37.2°C (98.9°F), pulse is 70/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 128/82 mm Hg. Speculum examination demonstrates clear fluid in the cervical canal. The fetal heart rate is reactive at 160/min with no decelerations. Tocometry shows uterine contractions. Nitrazine testing is positive. She is started on indomethacin. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?</p>

(A) Administer betamethasone, ampicillin, and proceed with cesarean section<br>

(B) Administer ampicillin and perform amnioinfusion<br>

(C) Administer betamethasone and ampicillin<br>

(D) Administer betamethasone, ampicillin, and proceed with induction of labor<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low124" name="Q124_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low124">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate124" name="Q124_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate124">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high124" name="Q124_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high124">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 125</b>: A 16-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department by her friends who say that she took a whole bottle of her mom’s medication. They do not know which medication it was she ingested. The patient is slipping in and out of consciousness and is unable to offer any history. Her temperature is 39.6°C (103.2°F), the heart rate is 135/min, the blood pressure is 178/98 mm Hg, and the respiratory rate is 16/min. On physical examination, there is significant muscle rigidity without tremor or clonus. Which of the following is the best course of treatment for this patient?</p>

(A) Naloxone<br>

(B) Dantrolene<br>

(C) Fenoldopam<br>

(D) Cyproheptadine<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low125" name="Q125_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low125">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate125" name="Q125_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate125">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high125" name="Q125_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high125">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 126</b>: A 68-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department because of fever, productive cough, and dyspnea for 3 days. She has had upper back pain for 3 months, which is worse after activity. She takes ibuprofen for pain relief. She has no history of smoking. The temperature is 39.5°C (103.1°F), the blood pressure is 100/70 mm Hg, the pulse is 95/min, and the respirations are 22/min. Lung auscultation shows rales in the left lower lobe area. Painful lymph nodes (1 × 1 cm) are palpated in the left axillary and cervical regions. There is point tenderness along several thoracic vertebrae. Laboratory studies are pending. A skull X-ray and lung window thoracic computed tomography scan are shown. Which of the following disorders most likely played a role in this patient’s acute condition?</p>

(A) Metastatic breast cancer<br>

(B) Multiple myeloma<br>

(C) Paget’s disease<br>

(D) Primary hyperparathyroidism<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low126" name="Q126_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low126">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate126" name="Q126_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate126">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high126" name="Q126_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high126">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 127</b>: A 22-year-old woman presents to the emergency department with a 2-day history of severe blistering. She says that she woke up 2 days ago with a number of painful blisters in her mouth and has since been continuing to develop blisters of her cutaneous skin all over her body and the mucosa of her mouth. She has no past medical history and has never experienced these symptoms before. Physical exam reveals a diffuse vesicular rash with painful, flaccid blisters that separate easily with gentle rubbing. The function of which of the following proteins is most likely disrupted in this patient?</p>

(A) Cadherin<br>

(B) Collagen<br>

(C) Integrin<br>

(D) Keratin<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low127" name="Q127_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low127">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate127" name="Q127_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate127">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high127" name="Q127_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high127">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 128</b>: A 3-week-old boy is brought to the emergency department by his parents because of a 3-day history of progressive lethargy and difficulty feeding. He was born at term and did not have difficulty feeding previously. His temperature is 39.4°C (103°F), pulse is 220/min, respirations are 45/min, and blood pressure is 50/30 mm Hg. Pulse oximetry on 100% oxygen shows an oxygen saturation of 97%. Examination shows dry mucous membranes, delayed capillary refill time, and cool skin with poor turgor. Despite multiple attempts by the nursing staff, they are unable to establish peripheral intravenous access. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?</p>

(A) Intramuscular epinephrine<br>

(B) Internal jugular vein cannulation<br>

(C) Intraosseous cannulation<br>

(D) Ultrasound-guided antecubital vein cannulation<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low128" name="Q128_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low128">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate128" name="Q128_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate128">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high128" name="Q128_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high128">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 129</b>: A previously healthy 10-year-old boy is brought to the emergency room by his mother 5 hours after the onset of abdominal pain and nausea. Over the past 2 weeks, he has also had progressive abdominal pain and a 4-kg (8.8-lb) weight loss. The mother reports that her son has been drinking more water than usual during this period. Last week he wet his bed three times despite being completely toilet-trained since 3 years of age. His temperature is 37.8°C (100°F), pulse is 128/min, respirations are 35/min, and blood pressure is 95/55 mm Hg. He appears lethargic. Physical examination shows deep and labored breathing and dry mucous membranes. The abdomen is soft, and there is diffuse tenderness to palpation with no guarding or rebound. Serum laboratory studies show:
Na+ 133 mEq/L
K+ 5.9 mEq/L
Cl- 95 mEq/L
HCO3- 13 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 25 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.0 mg/dL
Urine dipstick is positive for ketones and glucose. Further evaluation is most likely to reveal which of the following?"</p>

(A) Decreased total body potassium<br>

(B) Increased total body sodium<br>

(C) Increased arterial pCO2<br>

(D) Hypervolemia<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low129" name="Q129_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low129">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate129" name="Q129_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate129">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high129" name="Q129_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high129">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 130</b>: A 70-year-old Caucasian male visits your office regularly for treatment of New York Heart association class IV congestive heart failure. Which of the following medications would you add to this man's drug regimen in order to improve his overall survival?</p>

(A) Spironolactone<br>

(B) Amiloride<br>

(C) Hydrochlorothiazide<br>

(D) Acetazolamide<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low130" name="Q130_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low130">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate130" name="Q130_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate130">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high130" name="Q130_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high130">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 131</b>: Several hours after vaginal delivery, a male newborn delivered at full-term develops tachycardia and tachypnea. His blood pressure is within normal limits. Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 79% in the right hand and 61% in the left foot. Physical examination shows bluish discoloration of the face and trunk, supraclavicular and intercostal retractions, and a machine-like murmur over the precordium. Bedside echocardiography shows pulmonary and systemic circulation are in parallel rather than in series. What is the most appropriate pharmacotherapy for this patient?</p>

(A) Sildenafil<br>

(B) Alprostadil<br>

(C) Metoprolol<br>

(D) Indomethacin<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low131" name="Q131_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low131">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate131" name="Q131_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate131">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high131" name="Q131_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high131">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 132</b>: A 5-year-old male visits his pediatrician for a check-up. His height corresponds to the 99th percentile for his age, and pubic hair is present upon physical examination. Serum renin and potassium levels are high, as is 17-hydroxyprogesterone. Which of the following is likely deficient in this patient?</p>

(A) 17a-hydroxylase<br>

(B) 21-hydroxylase<br>

(C) Aromatase<br>

(D) 5a-reductase<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low132" name="Q132_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low132">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate132" name="Q132_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate132">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high132" name="Q132_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high132">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 133</b>: A 41-year-old African American woman presents with her husband to her primary care doctor for evaluation of depression and anxiety. She reports a 2-week history of rapid onset sadness with no clear inciting factor. She is accompanied by her husband who notes that she has had at least three similar episodes that have occurred over the past two years. He also notes that she has been “more emotional” lately and seems confused throughout the day. She has had to leave her job as a librarian at her child’s elementary school. Her past medical history is notable for two diagnostic laparoscopies for recurrent episodes of abdominal pain of unknown etiology. Her family history is notable for psychosis in her mother and maternal grandfather. Her temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 125/75 mmHg, pulse is 75/min, and respirations are 17/min. On exam, she is disheveled and appears confused and disoriented. Her attention span is limited and she exhibits emotional lability. This patient’s condition is most likely due to a defect in an enzyme that metabolizes which of the following compounds?</p>

(A) Coproporphyrinogen III<br>

(B) Hydroxymethylbilane<br>

(C) Porphobilinogen<br>

(D) Protoporphyrin IX<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low133" name="Q133_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low133">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate133" name="Q133_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate133">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high133" name="Q133_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high133">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 134</b>: A 32-year-old woman presents to her primary care physician for a general wellness appointment. The patient has no complaints currently and just wants to be sure that she is in good health. The patient has a past medical history of asthma, hypertension, and anxiety. Her current medications include albuterol, fluticasone, hydrochlorothiazide, lisinopril, and fexofenadine. Her temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 165/95 mmHg, pulse is 70/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air. On exam, you note a healthy young woman with a lean habitus. Cardiac exam reveals a S1 and S2 heart sound with a normal rate. Pulmonary exam is clear to auscultation bilaterally with good air movement. Abdominal exam reveals a bruit, normoactive bowel sounds, and an audible borborygmus. Neurological exam reveals cranial nerves II-XII as grossly intact with normal strength and reflexes in the upper and lower extremities. Which of the following is the best next step in management?</p>

(A) Raise lisinopril dose<br>

(B) Add furosemide<br>

(C) Ultrasound with doppler<br>

(D) No additional management needed<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low134" name="Q134_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low134">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate134" name="Q134_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate134">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high134" name="Q134_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high134">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 135</b>: A 46-year-old man comes to the emergency department because of a 10-day history of right upper quadrant abdominal pain. He has also been feeling tired and nauseous for the past 6 weeks. On examination, scleral icterus is present. Abdominal examination shows tenderness to palpation in the right upper quadrant. The liver edge is palpated 2 cm below the right costal margin. Laboratory studies show:
Aspartate aminotransferase 1780 U/L
Alanine aminotransferase 2520 U/L
Hepatitis A IgM antibody Negative
Hepatitis B surface antigen Negative
Hepatitis B surface antibody Negative
Hepatitis B core IgM antibody Positive
Hepatitis C antibody Positive
Hepatitis C RNA Negative
Which of the following is the best course of action for this patient?"</p>

(A) Ribavirin and interferon<br>

(B) Supportive therapy<br>

(C) Emergency liver transplantation<br>

(D) Pegylated interferon-alpha<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low135" name="Q135_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low135">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate135" name="Q135_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate135">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high135" name="Q135_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high135">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 136</b>: A 5-year-old boy who recently emigrated from Nigeria is brought to the emergency department because of a 2-day history of lower leg weakness, swallowing difficulty, and drooling of saliva. He has not yet received any childhood vaccinations. Two days after admission, the patient develops shortness of breath. Pulse oximetry shows an oxygen saturation of 64%. Despite resuscitative efforts, the patient dies of respiratory failure. At autopsy, examination of the spinal cord shows destruction of the anterior horn cells. Neurological examination of this patient would have most likely shown which of the following findings?</p>

(A) Positive Babinski sign<br>

(B) Hyporeflexia<br>

(C) Myoclonus<br>

(D) Pronator drift<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low136" name="Q136_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low136">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate136" name="Q136_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate136">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high136" name="Q136_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high136">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 137</b>: A 30-year-old woman is brought to the urgent care clinic by her husband. She complains of numbness around her lips and a tingling sensation in her hands and feet. She underwent near-total thyroidectomy for an enlarged thyroid gland a month ago. Vital signs include: blood pressure is 130/70 mm Hg, pulse is 72/min, respiratory rate is 16/min, and temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F). A surgical incision scar is present in the anterior aspect of the neck. The attending physician inflates the blood pressure cuff above 150 mm Hg and observes the patient a couple of minutes while measuring her blood pressure. The patient develops sudden stiffness and tingling in her hand. Blood test results are as follows:
Hemoglobin (Hb%) 10.2 g/dL
White blood cell count 7000/mm3
Platelet count 160,000/mm3
Calcium, serum (Ca2+) 6.0 mg/dL
Albumin 4 g/dL
Alanine aminotransferase (ALT), serum 15 U/L
Aspartate aminotransferase (AST), serum 8 U/L
Serum creatinine 0.5 mg/dL
Urea 27 mg/dL
Sodium 137 mEq/L
Potassium 4.5 mEq/L
Magnesium 2.5 mEq/L
Urinalysis shows no white or red blood cells and leukocyte esterase is negative. Which of the following is the next best step in the management of this patient?</p>

(A) CT scan abdomen with pancreatic protocol<br>

(B) Serum vitamin D level<br>

(C) 24-hour urinary calcium<br>

(D) Serum parathyroid hormone (PTH) level<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low137" name="Q137_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low137">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate137" name="Q137_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate137">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high137" name="Q137_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high137">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 138</b>: A woman with coronary artery disease is starting to go for a walk. As she begins, her heart rate accelerates from a resting pulse of 60 bpm until it reaches a rate of 120 bpm, at which point she begins to feel a tightening in her chest. She stops walking to rest and the tightening resolves. This has been happening to her consistently for the last 6 months. Which of the following is a true statement?</p>

(A) Increasing the heart rate increases the amount of time spent during each cardiac cycle<br>

(B) Increasing the heart rate decreases the relative amount of time spent during diastole<br>

(C) Perfusion of the myocardium takes place primarily during systole<br>

(D) Perfusion of the myocardium takes place equally throughout the cardiac cycle<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low138" name="Q138_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low138">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate138" name="Q138_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate138">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high138" name="Q138_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high138">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 139</b>: A 22-year-old female presents to her physician for evaluation of a vaginal discharge, itching, and irritation. She recently started a new relationship with her boyfriend, who is her only sexual partner. He does not report any genitourinary symptoms. She takes oral contraceptives and does not use  barrier contraception. The medical history is unremarkable. The vital signs are within normal limits. A gynecologic examination reveals a thin, yellow, frothy vaginal discharge with a musty, unpleasant odor and numerous punctate red maculae on the ectocervix. The remainder of the exam is normal. Which of the following organisms will most likely be revealed on wet mount microscopy?</p>

(A) Budding yeasts cells and/or pseudohyphae<br>

(B) Epithelial cells covered by numerous bacterial cells<br>

(C) Motile round or oval-shaped microorganisms<br>

(D) Chains of cocci<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low139" name="Q139_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low139">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate139" name="Q139_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate139">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high139" name="Q139_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high139">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 140</b>: A 53-year-old woman with hypertension and hyperlipidemia comes to the physician because of generalized reddening of her skin and itching for the past 2 weeks. Her symptoms occur every evening before bedtime and last for about 30 minutes. Three months ago, atorvastatin was stopped after she experienced progressively worsening neck and back pain. Statin therapy was reinitiated at lower doses 3 weeks ago but had to be stopped again after her musculoskeletal symptoms recurred. Her menses occur irregularly at 2–3 month intervals and last for 3–4 days. She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the past 30 years. Her current medications include lisinopril and niacin. Her brother died of colonic adenocarcinoma, and her father died of small cell lung cancer. She is 169 cm (5 ft 6 in) tall and weighs 83 kg (183 lb); BMI is 29 kg/m2. Her vital signs are within normal limits. Physical examination shows no abnormalities. Serum lipid studies show:
Total cholesterol 247 mg/dL
HDL-cholesterol 39 mg/dL
LDL-cholesterol 172 mg/dL
Triglycerides 152 mg/dL
Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"</p>

(A) Administer ibuprofen<br>

(B) Measure urine hydroxyindoleacetic acid levels<br>

(C) Measure urine metanephrine levels<br>

(D) Switch niacin to fenofibrate<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low140" name="Q140_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low140">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate140" name="Q140_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate140">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high140" name="Q140_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high140">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 141</b>: Five days after undergoing right knee arthroplasty for osteoarthritis, a 68-year-old man has severe pain in this right knee preventing him from participating in physical therapy. On the third postoperative day when the dressing was changed, the surgical wound appeared to be intact, slightly swollen, and had a clear secretion. He has a history of diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and hypertension. Current medications include metformin, enalapril, and simvastatin. His temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 94/min, and blood pressure is 130/88 mm Hg. His right knee is swollen, erythematous, and tender to palpation. There is pain on movement of the joint. The medial parapatellar skin incision appears superficially opened in its proximal and distal part with yellow-green discharge. There is blackening of the skin on both sides of the incision. Which of the following is the next best step in the management of this patient?</p>

(A) Surgical debridement<br>

(B) Nafcillin therapy<br>

(C) Removal of prostheses<br>

(D) Antiseptic dressing
"<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low141" name="Q141_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low141">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate141" name="Q141_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate141">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high141" name="Q141_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high141">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 142</b>: A 53-year-old woman comes to the physician in February because of a 1-day history of fever, chills, headache, and dry cough. She also reports malaise and generalized muscle aches. She works as a teacher at a local high school, where there was recently an outbreak of influenza. She has a history of intermittent asthma, for which she takes albuterol as needed. She declined the influenza vaccine offered in the fall because her sister told her that a friend developed a flulike illness after receiving the vaccine. She is worried about possibly becoming ill and cannot afford to miss work. Her temperature is 37.9°C (100.3°F), heart rate is 58/min, and her respirations are 12/min. Physical examination is unremarkable. Her hemoglobin concentration is 14.5 g/dL, leukocyte count is 9,400/mm3, and platelet count is 280,000/mm3. In addition to analgesia, which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?</p>

(A) Supportive therapy only<br>

(B) Amantadine<br>

(C) Inactivated influenza vaccine<br>

(D) Oseltamivir<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low142" name="Q142_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low142">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate142" name="Q142_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate142">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high142" name="Q142_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high142">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 143</b>: Red-green color blindness, an X-linked recessive disorder, has an incidence of 1/200 in males in a certain population. What is the probability of a phenotypically normal male and female having a child with red-green color blindness?</p>

(A) 1/200<br>

(B) 199/200<br>

(C) 1/100<br>

(D) 1/400<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low143" name="Q143_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low143">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate143" name="Q143_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate143">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high143" name="Q143_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high143">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 144</b>: A 45-year-old man is transferred to the intensive care unit from the emergency department for acute respiratory failure. He was rushed to the hospital after developing progressive respiratory distress over the last 24 hours. His medical history is significant for long-standing severe persistent asthma, hypertension, and several bouts of community and hospital-acquired pneumonia. His medications include amlodipine, lisinopril, inhaled fluticasone, salmeterol, and oral prednisone. He is a lifelong non-smoker and drinks alcohol occasionally on the weekends. He works as a sales executive and went to Hawaii a month ago. In the emergency department, he was started on broad-spectrum antibiotics and bronchodilators. His respiratory failure progressively worsens, and on day 2 of admission, he requires mechanical ventilator support. Chest X-ray shows multiple nodules bilaterally in the lower lobes. Flexible bronchoscopy is performed and the bronchoalveolar lavage sample from the medial segment of the right lower lobe shows neutrophils, and the fungal preparation shows Aspergillus fumigatus. A video-assisted thoracoscopy is performed and biopsy from the right lower lobe is taken which shows plugging of the terminal bronchioles with mucus, inflammatory cells, and fungal vascular invasion. Which of the following is the most likely mechanism responsible for the biopsy findings?</p>

(A) Defects in the immune response<br>

(B) Aspergillus fumigatus suppresses the production of IgA<br>

(C) Aspergillus fumigatus suppresses the production of IgM<br>

(D) Suppression of the innate immune system by Aspergillus fumigatus<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low144" name="Q144_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low144">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate144" name="Q144_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate144">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high144" name="Q144_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high144">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 145</b>: A 70-year-old man comes to the physician because of a 4-month history of epigastric pain, nausea, and weakness. He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 50 years and drinks one alcoholic beverage daily. He appears emaciated. He is 175 cm (5 ft 9 in) tall and weighs 47 kg (103 lb); BMI is 15 kg/m2. He is diagnosed with gastric cancer. Which of the following cytokines is the most likely direct cause of this patient’s examination findings?</p>

(A) TGF-β<br>

(B) IL-6<br>

(C) IL-2<br>

(D) TNF-β<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low145" name="Q145_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low145">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate145" name="Q145_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate145">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high145" name="Q145_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high145">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 146</b>: A 40-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 1-week history of fatigue, dark urine, and a feeling of heaviness in her legs. Two weeks ago, she returned from a vacation to Brazil, where she spent most of her days exploring the city of Rio de Janeiro on foot. She also gained 3 kg (7 lb) during her vacation. She has systemic lupus erythematosus. Her only medication is hydroxychloroquine. Her temperature is 37.5°C (99.5°F), pulse is 78/min, and blood pressure is 162/98 mm Hg. Physical examination shows 2+ pretibial edema bilaterally. Urinalysis shows:
Blood 3+
Protein 1+
RBC 6–8/hpf with dysmorphic features
RBC casts numerous
WBC 8/hpf
WBC casts rare
Bacteria negative
Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's leg findings?"</p>

(A) Venous insufficiency<br>

(B) Lymphatic obstruction<br>

(C) Renal protein loss<br>

(D) Salt retention<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low146" name="Q146_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low146">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate146" name="Q146_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate146">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high146" name="Q146_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high146">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 147</b>: A 67-year-old woman with advanced bladder cancer comes to the physician for a follow-up examination. She is currently undergoing chemotherapy with an agent that forms cross-links between DNA strands. Serum studies show a creatinine concentration of 2.1 mg/dL and a blood urea nitrogen concentration of 30 mg/dL. Urine dipstick of a clean-catch midstream specimen shows 2+ protein and 1+ glucose. Prior to initiation of chemotherapy, her laboratory values were within the reference range. In addition to hydration, administration of which of the following would most likely have prevented this patient's current condition?</p>

(A) Mesna<br>

(B) Amifostine<br>

(C) Rasburicase<br>

(D) Leucovorin<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low147" name="Q147_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low147">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate147" name="Q147_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate147">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high147" name="Q147_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high147">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 148</b>: A 57-year-old post-menopausal woman comes to the physician because of intermittent, bloody post-coital vaginal discharge for the past month. She does not have pain with intercourse. Eleven years ago, she had LSIL on a routine Pap smear and testing for high-risk HPV strains was positive. Colposcopy showed CIN 1. She has not returned for follow-up Pap smears since then. She is sexually active with her husband only, and they do not use condoms. She has smoked half a pack of cigarettes per day for the past 25 years and does not drink alcohol. On speculum exam, a 1.4 cm, erythematous exophytic mass with ulceration is noted on the posterior wall of the upper third of the vagina. Which of the following is the most probable histopathology of this mass?</p>

(A) Squamous cell carcinoma<br>

(B) Basal cell carcinoma<br>

(C) Melanoma<br>

(D) Sarcoma botryoides<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low148" name="Q148_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low148">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate148" name="Q148_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate148">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high148" name="Q148_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high148">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 149</b>: Three days after starting a new drug for malaria prophylaxis, a 19-year-old college student comes to the physician because of dark-colored urine and fatigue. He has not had any fever, dysuria, or abdominal pain. He has no history of serious illness. Physical examination shows scleral icterus. Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin of 9.7 g/dL and serum lactate dehydrogenase of 234 U/L. Peripheral blood smear shows poikilocytes with bite-shaped irregularities. Which of the following drugs has the patient most likely been taking?</p>

(A) Primaquine<br>

(B) Dapsone<br>

(C) Ivermectin<br>

(D) Doxycycline<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low149" name="Q149_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low149">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate149" name="Q149_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate149">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high149" name="Q149_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high149">High</label><br><br>
<p><b>Question 150</b>: You are reviewing raw data from a research study performed at your medical center examining the effectiveness of a novel AIDS screening examination. The study enrolled 250 patients with confirmed AIDS, and 240 of these patients demonstrated a positive screening examination. The control arm of the study enrolled 250 patients who do not have AIDS, and only 5 of these patients tested positive on the novel screening examination. What is the NPV of this novel test?</p>

(A) 245 / (245 + 10)<br>

(B) 245 / (245 + 5)<br>

(C) 240 / (240 + 5)<br>

(D) 240 / (240 + 15)<br>

<p>Please rate the complexity of this question:</p>
  <input type="radio" id="low150" name="Q150_complexity" value="Low" required>
  <label for="low150">Low</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="moderate150" name="Q150_complexity" value="Moderate" required>
  <label for="moderate150">Moderate</label><br>
  <input type="radio" id="high150" name="Q150_complexity" value="High" required>
  <label for="high150">High</label><br><br>
<button type="submit" id="submitButton" abled>Submit</button>

</form>
